Entities:FO What type of food is NYC 's leading food export ?
List:PE Which of the two kept their family home in Brentwood ?
List:OR What are six companies that made some of the first peripherals for the iPod ?
Entities:DA When did Destiny 's Child end their group act ?
Entities:DA When was Tajikistan under Ymayyads contorl ?
Entities:LO What Massachusetts town was the setting for the wedding between Shriver and Schwarzenegger ?
List:MO Which four of the world 's most expensive stadiums are located in NYC ?
Description:ME What did the population of Russians do between 1926-1959 ?
Entities:TH In addition to the Humvee , what other vehicle manufactured by AM General was Schwarzenegger first to own ?
Quantification:NU What length is the course of study at the Notre Dame School of Architecture ?
Entities:BO What was the Executive Council an alternate name for ?
Quantification:NU According to Michelin , about how many fine dining restaurants exist in New York ?
Entities:AT What iPod feature allowed for USB connections with the device ?
Entities:TH What did Apple launch on November 14 , 2003 ?
Entities:PE Beyoncé is a descendant of which Acadian leader ?
Quantification:TE In degrees Celsius , what was the coldest temperature recorded at Plymouth between 1971 and 2000 ?
Quantification:MO What was Apple 's highest quarterly profit as of Q1 2008 ?
Entities:TH What kind of equipment can improve system performance ?
Quantification:SP What was the average speed of a winning solar powered car by 2007 ?
Entities:OR Which one of the world 's largest chocolate makers is stationed in Manhattan ?
Entities:DA In what century were the first modern greenhouses constructed ?
Entities:TH What can A/V cables be used to connect the iPod to ?
Entities:PG Who conquered Tansaxania ?
Quantification:NU How many children did Schwarzenegger and Shriver have together ?
Description:CE What did this cause when the expelled parties were replaced ?
Entities:AW What major award did the book receive in 1961 ?
Entities:DA When did Destiny 's Child announce their hiatus ?
Entities:LO In which location do students of the School of Architecture of Notre Dame spend their 3rd year ?
Entities:AC What process signals the need for the prime minister to resign in Australia ?
Entities:IS Aside from recreational use , in what other arena have iPods found use ?
Quantification:NU How many students are in New York City public schools ?
Entities:PE What contestant was removed from the competition for concealing legal troubles ?
Entities:IN Beyoncé was raised in what religion ?
Entities:DA In what month and year did Plymouth see its lowest temperature between 1971 and 2000 ?
Entities:DA When did Beyoncé begin to manage the girl group ?
Entities:OR What organization known as the MBA is based in Plymouth ?
Entities:LO What country was Schwarzenegger born in ?
Entities:EN What are some other similar car races that use solar powered vehicles ?
Quantification:NU How many books are housed at the Theodore Hesburgh Library ?
Quantification:AG How old was Schwarzenegger when he started hoping he 'd move to America ?
Entities:EN At the time of release which episode of the Legend of Zelda series was considered the greatest entry ?
Quantification:NU As of 2013 , how many people worked for a securities business in New York ?
Entities:PE Which character is chastised in the book for marrying a black woman ?
Entities:LO On what island is Cornell Tech located ?
Entities:DA When did Harper Lee begin refusing interviews and questions about the book ?
Entities:DA When did the Samanid Empire rule the land ?
Entities:PE Who did Schwarzenegger reportedly begin dating shortly after his separation ?
Entities:OR Along with Cornell University , what institution is involved in the building of Cornell Tech ?
Description:DE What happened in the Feb 2010 election ?
Entities:DA In what year did Lee stop giving interviews about the book ?
Entities:AW Which prestigious prize does the School of Architecture at Notre Dame give out ?
Quantification:TI What is the Russian term for prime minister ?
List:AC What are two purposes for which iPods are used in business ?
Entities:LO Where was Schwarzenegger vacationing when he broke his leg ?
Entities:TH What was needed to replace an iPod Nano battery ?
Entities:OR The NASDAQ is located on what street in NYC ?
Entities:OR What was the name of Apple 's manufacturing company that was accused of overworking its employees ?
Entities:OC What is the title of Notre Dame 's Theodore Hesburgh ?
Entities:DA When did season 11 premiere ?
Entities:LO What town did Beyonce go to school in ?
Quantification:NU How many students are studying at the University of Plymouth ?
Entities:LO What Plymouth organization is named for Sir Alister Hardy ?
Entities:PE What was Schwarzenegger 's mother 's maiden name ?
Entities:IN The encounter with Arabic knowledge put Renaissance thinkers back in touch with the teachings of which ancient civilizations ?
Quantification:AG How old was Schwarzenegger when he moved to the U.S. ?
Entities:PE Who owns the trademark to I ❤ NY ?
Entities:AT What kind of connection is provided on the iPod Shuffle for both audio output and file transfer ?
Entities:PE Who ranked New York as the fashion capital of the world ?
Quantification:MO About how much capital did Accelerator raise as of the middle of 2014 ?
Entities:DA In what year did Nintendo reveal the start of development on what would become Twilight Princess ?
Entities:DA When did the Russian Empire take over Central Asia ?
Quantification:TI How long were Schwarzenegger and Shriver married ?
Description:DE What kind of system is a dominant-party system ?
Entities:PE Who brought Beyonce to California and enter her group in Star Search ?
Entities:DA In what year did Notre Dame create the Office of Sustainability ?
Quantification:MO How much did Schwarzenegger spend to convert a Hummer to run on hydrogen ?
Entities:DA In what year did a Super Bowl occur at MetLife Stadium ?
Entities:DA In what year did the opening of a theology library at Notre Dame occur ?
Quantification:TI What is the Israeli term for prime minister ?
Entities:PE Who placed Girl 's Tyme in Star Search ?
Entities:OR What is the name of a company that uses iPods as part of its training ?
Entities:PE Who does Scout think could be lonelier than Boo Radley ?
Quantification:RA What generation saw iPod batterys being affixed with glue ?
Entities:LO Where was the BBC 's first studio located ?
Entities:OR What auditor company did Apple hire to oversee worker conditions following the controversy ?
Entities:PE Who joined the finalists , making it a Top 25 ?
Entities:PE Who served as Plymouth 's mayor in 1593 ?
Entities:PE Who first utilized solar architecture ?
Entities:EN Which film featured Destiny 's Child 's first major single ?
Entities:AT What marine facility is attached to the University of Plymouth ?
Entities:PE What was Schwarzenegger 's father 's first name ?
Entities:DA When was the first solar powered boat made ?
Entities:PE Who co-starred with Schwarzenegger in the film Stay Hungry ?
Entities:LO In what state did Schwarzenegger claim his first Mr. Olympia title ?
Quantification:MO How much tax revenue does the securities industry generate ?
Quantification:NU How many contestants made it to the finals on season 11 of American Idol ?
Entities:OR What company was first to create a means of connecting the iPod to an automobile ?
Entities:PU What newspaper broke the story about Schwarzenegger 's child with another woman ?
Description:DE What did the OSCE say that Tajikistan did ?
Entities:IN What did Schwarzenegger name his plan to build hydrogen refueling stations throughout California ?
Entities:LO Where is the theology library at Notre Dame ?
Description:CE What specific problem caused the issue with bass distortion ?
Entities:PE Who was the founder of the New York Post ?
Entities:DA When did the Ottoman Empire conquer Constantinople ?
Entities:DA In what year was Plymstock incorporated ?
Entities:DA In what year were the Brooklyn Dodgers founded ?
Entities:DA In what year did Apple begin a formal battery replacement program ?
List:EN What types of programs were not shown on BBC Two ?
Entities:PE Who won this season of Idol ?
Entities:DA In what year did Foxconn workers first unionize ?
Entities:DA When was Jones removed from the show ?
Entities:DA In what century were sailors obligated to relocate from Plympton due to silting ?
Quantification:NU How many staff members work for the University of Plymouth ?
Entities:EN For which song , did Destiny 's Child take home the grammy award for best R&B performance ?
Entities:PG What group are many of Plymouth 's marine organizations a part of ?
Entities:OC What was Schwarzenegger 's dad 's job in their town ?
Entities:PE Who first crossed the Pacific ocean using a solar powered boat ?
Quantification:NU How many hosts are recognized by an iPod the first time they 're used ?
Entities:PE What 's the name of the professional wrestler who designed the first logo for Gold 's Gym ?
Entities:EN Which television station finds its home at Notre Dame ?
Quantification:MO What is the average income in the New York securities industry ?
Quantification:NU How many hotel rooms are located in NYC as of the end of 2014 ?
Entities:DA In what year did Apple reveal that it would provide compatibility with a wide range of auto manufacturers ?
Description:RE What was Russian interested in Tajikistan area for ?
Entities:LO Before Plymouth dockyard was built , where was the fleet located ?
Quantification:TI Baena worked for the Schwarzenegger/Shriver family for how many years ?
Entities:DA What date marked the start of Schwarzenegger 's second gubernatorial term ?
Description:DE What was the Tajikistan governments response ?
Entities:BO What governmental department contributed a grant to Schwarzenegger 's hydrogen fuel project ?
Entities:OR Which institute involving animal life did Cavanaugh create at Notre Dame ?
Quantification:NU How many books are held by the Notre Dame libraries ?
Entities:PE Who filed a lawsuit over Survivor ?
Entities:LO Along with Plymouth and Devonport , what location was merged into a county borough in 1914 ?
Entities:OR What professional soccer organization is headquartered in New York ?
Quantification:MO What was the original price for a replacement battery from Apple ?
Entities:AT What was the name of the premium service that offered higher quality and DRM-free songs ?
Entities:DA In what year did Chinese Foxconn emplyees kill themselves ?
Description:RE Why was Jones disqualified ?
Quantification:NU About how much are the staff of the University of Plymouth paid yearly in total ?
Entities:PE Who owned the gym Schwarzenegger worked in during the late sixties ?
Quantification:NU How many people attended a Broadway show in the 2013-4 season ?
Entities:EN What is the name of the aquarium present in Plymouth ?
Quantification:MO How much money was spent on enhancing Notre Dame Stadium under John Jenkins ?
Entities:OR For what network , did Beyonce land a major movie role in ?
Entities:PE Which artist created the mural on the Theodore M. Hesburgh Library ?
Entities:TH What was the name of the first solar powered boat that crossed the Atlantic ocean ?
Entities:PU What magazine called Schwarzenegger America 's most famous immigrant ?
Entities:DA Where did the BBC continue broadcasting from in October of 1936 ?
Quantification:PE What percentage of the city 's wages does the securities industry provide ?
Description:DE In letters to local newspapers , what subplot in the book received the most complaints ?
Quantification:NU How many tourists visited New York in 2011 ?
Entities:PO What program debuted on November 23 , 1963 ?
Description:DE What did Russia do between 1864-1885 ?
Entities:OR Gustavo Gutierrez is faculty of which institute ?
Entities:OR What nonprofit did Schwarzenegger found in 1995 ?
Entities:OR Who did Apple partner with to monitor its labor policies ?
Quantification:RA Currently where does Notre Dame 's library rank in the nation ?
Quantification:NU What is the Italian term for the prime minister ?
Description:CE What resulted from Europe 's exploration of the New World ?
Quantification:RA Which generation of iPod Classic was the first to abandon use of FireWire in transferring files ?
Entities:PN Which iPod model has its battery soldered into the unit ?
Entities:EN For what movie did Beyonce receive her first Golden Globe nomination ?
Quantification:NU As of 2014 , what was the population of Plymouth ?
Entities:TH What disappeared in 2009 prior to the suicide of a Foxconn employee ?
Entities:EN What is the name of a political show shown on BBC in Northern Ireland ?
Entities:PE Which season 11 contestant had to go to the hospital before the Top 13 Results ?
Entities:DA Gurian created what in 1939 at Notre Dame ?
Entities:DA In what year was the University of Plymouth established ?
Entities:DA Beyonce 's group changed their name to Destiny 's Child in what year ?
Entities:PO What was the name of the settlement founded by the Pilgrim Fathers ?
Entities:TE During the Little Ice Age , what did English and French farmers use to increase collection of solar energy ?
Entities:TH What appliance did Schwarzenegger 's family buy that he called a highlight of his youth ?
Quantification:NU What altitude did the Solar Riser reach in feet ?
Entities:LO Where did Plymouth 's life expectancy rank out of the regions of South West England ?
Entities:PN What 's the title of Schwarzenegger 's 1977 book ?
Quantification:MO What is the cost to build Cornell Tech ?
Entities:IS 22 Percent of NYC 's total wages are from what industry ?
Description:DE What do greenhouses do with solar energy ?
Quantification:NU How many people came to visit New York in 2013 ?
Entities:IS In which industry did the iPod have a major impact ?
Entities:DA In what year did Notre Dame first have a facility in England ?
Entities:LO Schwarzenegger was the spokesperson for the Special Olympic games held in what city in China ?
Entities:PE Who did Beyonce star with in the movie , Austin Powers in Goldmember ?
Description:CE What caused many intellectual Catholics to leave europe in the 1930s ?
Quantification:NU How many national titles were won when Knute Rockne coached at Notre Dame ?
Quantification:NU What is the native term for prime minister in Scandinavia ?
Entities:OR What institution of mercantilism was established with New World colonies ?
Entities:DA When did study of a germ-free-life begin at Notre Dame ?
Entities:PG Which group uses TDM as a metric ?
Entities:LA What language is spoken in northwest Spain ?
Entities:DA In what year did several Foxconn workers commit suicide ?
Description:RE Why was Phillip Phillips hospitalized during his time on American Idol ?
Entities:PE Who created Brick ?
Entities:OR What institution of higher education is colloquially known as Marjons ?
Entities:PU The name Destiny 's Child was based on a quote in which book of the Bible ?
Quantification:NU What was the population of Plymouth unitary authority circa 2001 ?
Entities:IN What typeface does the current iPod use ?
Entities:PE What French composer wrote the original opera ''Carmen '' in the 19th century ?
Entities:TH What is the name of the aircraft circling the globe in 2015 via solar power ?
Entities:MO Construction for which hall started on March 8th 2007 at Notre Dame ?
Entities:OR At what college did Schwarzenegger study but not receive his degree ?
Quantification:TI For how long did the BBC alternate different broadcasting systems ?
Entities:LO On what street is the New York Stock Exchange headquartered ?
Quantification:NU What is the record number of tourists that have visited New York in a year ?
Entities:AT What color is the exterior of Schwarzenegger 's Bugatti Veyron Grand Sport Vitesse ?
Quantification:SI What is the area of Tajikistan ?
Quantification:NU About how many schools across the country is ICG active in ?
Quantification:TI How long were 5th generation iPods marketed as being able to function before needing to be charged ?
Entities:OC What is a term that is used to mean prime minister ?
Entities:IS What replaced agriculture as the focus of European economy with the establishment of overseas colonies ?
Entities:PO What program allowed users to exchange iPod Nanos which suffered from overheating problems with new safe models ?
Entities:AT What attribute of the United States could be thought to lead more international and less domestic employment opportunities ?
Entities:DA In what year was the Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies founded ?
Quantification:NU How many times did Phillip Phillips have surgery when he was on American Idol ?
Quantification:MO How much money was the move to satellite worth to the station over the following half decade ?
Entities:IN What is the academic specialty of the University of St Mark & St John ?
Entities:EN Debut song , Killing Time was featured on what movie 's sound track ?
Entities:DA What year did Tajikistan become an independant nation ?
Entities:PE Who starred in the first movie Schwarzenegger remembers seeing ?
Entities:EN What album caused a lawsuit to be filed in 2001 ?
Entities:DA The Brooklyn Dodgers were created in what year ?
Entities:DA When was the first unmanned flight by a solar powered plane made ?
Entities:LO At what venue does the Amateur Boxing Golden Gloves take place ?
Entities:AB What does TM stand for ?
Quantification:RA What was Schwarzenegger 's highest approval rating during his stint as governor ?
List:OR What are two companies that make iPod accessories ?
List:DA Which years did NYC host the PGA golf championships ?
Entities:OR What companies have developed iPod interfacing for their stereo systems ?
Entities:DA When did BBC Japan shut down ?
Entities:OR Notre Dame has a center in Beijing , what is it referred to as ?
Entities:OR What school within the University of Southern California does the Schwarzenegger Institute for State and Global Policy belong to ?
List:EN There are two hockey teams located in NYC. What are they ?
Entities:IN What field of study did Anton-Hermann Chroust specialize in ?
Entities:LO In what city does Plymouth 's ferry to Spain terminate ?
Entities:AC Aside from the activities of colonies , what other event fostered the transition from agriculture to manufacturing ?
Entities:OR Which competitor sued Apple over rights to part of the software user interface ?
Quantification:NU How many people work in the New York publishing industry ?
List:AT What are two subjects of criticism of iPods ?
Entities:PE Who is the current head of BBC Television ?
Entities:PE Who starred as Daniel Ruettiger in the film Rudy ?
Entities:OR Which college president of Notre Dame is credited with preventing more confrontations between students and the KKK ?
Entities:IN To work as a boot disk for a Mac , what file system must an iPod be formatted with ?
Entities:PE Which contestant thought about leaving the contest because of pain in his kidney ?
Quantification:NU How many students regularly attend schools in NYC ?
Entities:OR Along with City College Plymouth , what college calls Plymouth home ?
Entities:EN Which role did Charles Sheedy have at Notre Dame ?
Entities:EN What song won Best R&B Performance in the 43 Annual Grammy Awards ?
Entities:NU What was the average number of people in a Plymouth household ?
Entities:OC What job did Schwarzenegger 's father want him to pursue ?
Entities:DA When was the first solar powered manned flight made ?
Entities:DI What psychological problem did Schwarzenegger say he struggled with ?
Entities:PE Who was Harper Lee 's sister ?
Quantification:RA Which version of iTunes was introduced with the ability to purchase games ?
Entities:AT What part of the iPod is needed to communicate with peripherals ?
Entities:AT What type of transmitter is used in the iTrip ?
Entities:LO What seperates Tajikistan and Pakistan ?
Entities:DA In what year was the Schwarzenegger Institute for State and Global Policy founded ?
Quantification:NU About how many people work in the New York fashion industry ?
Entities:OR What institution of higher education is based in Plymouth ?
Entities:DA In what year did the original Sorin built Main Building get replaced ?
Entities:OR Which computer company sold iPods from 2004-05 as part of a license agreement with Apple ?
Entities:LO Outside of Greece itself , in what other nation is Greek a major language ?
Definition:EN Who is Midna ?
Entities:IN If connected to a Windows PC when first set up , what file system will an iPod be formatted with ?
Entities:LO Where is Tajikistan located ?
Entities:PE Which contestant had eight surgeries during his Idol run ?
Definition:EN What did Sutton mean in the Old English language ?
Quantification:NU About how many students are enrolled at City College Plymouth ?
Entities:TH The New York Giants and the New York Jets place at which stadium in NYC ?
Entities:PE What singer did Beyonce record a song with for the movie , '' The Best Man ? "
Quantification:PE What percentage of Plymouth residents in 2011 were of Chinese ancestry ?
Entities:EN Which film did Beyoncé star in 2001 with Mekhi Phifer ?
Entities:DA When did the Solar Challenger cross the English Channel ?
Entities:EN What bodybuilding competition is named after Schwarzenegger ?
Quantification:NU How many programs did NDtv feature in 2002 ?
Entities:AB UHI is an abbreviation of what ?
Quantification:MO How much did iPod owners originally have to pay for replacement batteries ?
Quantification:PE In 2013-4 , what percentage of New York state tax revenues came from the securities business on Wall Street ?
Quantification:NU How many buttons do most iPods use ?
Entities:AT What has become a standard inclusion in cars for several different auto companies ?
Quantification:NU Most iPods feature how many buttons ?
Entities:LO What country borders Tajikistan to the east ?
Quantification:RA What position does Schwarzenegger hold with the Institute ?
Entities:AT What was Ivan Meštrović known for being ?
Entities:OC What is the term for the highest position in government in Vatican City ?
Entities:LA Besides English , what other language is spoken in Gibraltar ?
Entities:PE From whom did Balkan states start retaking their independence ?
Quantification:NU How many students in total were at Notre Dame in 2014 ?
Entities:DA In what year was the inaugural National Invitation Tournament ?
Entities:EN What is the name of the first public-access TV channel in the country ?
Entities:EN What category of game is Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess ?
Entities:DI What kind of pain did Phillips endure ?
Quantification:TI How many years ago was Plymouth College of Art founded ?
Entities:PU Where did Destiny 's Child get their name from ?
Entities:PE Who saves Midna ?
Quantification:PE What percentage of Devon 's GVA does Plymouth comprise in 2013 ?
Description:RE Why did demonstrators attack Russian soldiers in Khujand ?
Entities:AN Which animal serves as a symbol throughout the book ?
Entities:EN What was the name of Destiny Child 's third album ?
Entities:LO Where did Eric Scott Raymond fly using a solar powered plane in 1990 ?
Quantification:NU How frequently did Schwarzenegger write a column for Muscle & Fitness and Flex ?
Entities:TH Which U.S. tabloid settled out of court with Schwarzenegger in 1999 ?
List:OR The majority of peripherals for iPod are produced by what kinds of companies ?
Entities:PU According to the National Education Association , what was the only book to receive more complaints in 1968 ?
Entities:IN What English phrase does I ❤ NY represent ?
Entities:DA In what year was the The College of Arts and Letters at Notre Dame created ?
Entities:OC What is the head of Iran 's government called ?
Entities:DA In what year had the library at Notre Dame reach 10,000 books ?
Quantification:RA Starting with which generation of iPod Nano was FireWire charging functionality no longer available ?
Entities:PG Along with the Brooklyn Nets , what NBA team is based in New York ?
Entities:OR Which church was Father Edward Sorin representing ?
Quantification:NU How many national newspapers out of the three are from New York ?
Entities:IN What consoles can be used to play Twilight Princess ?
Entities:PE Who does the voice of Midna ?
Entities:PE Which contestant was saved by the judges on season 11 of American Idol ?
Entities:PU What was the Review of Politics inspired by ?
Quantification:NU How many independent art colleges exist in the United Kingdom ?
Entities:EN Destiny 's Child song , Killing Time , was included in which film 's soundtrack ?
Entities:PG What is the name of the period of armed incursions undertaken in the name of Christianity ?
Quantification:NU What was Plymouth 's 2013 GVA in millions of British Pounds ?
Entities:EN The Wanamaker Mile is an event by which annual track and field meeting ?
Entities:PE What is Meinhard 's son named ?
Quantification:TI How long is the solar powered plane Solar Impulse able to remain in the air ?
Quantification:MO OR
Entities:OR Who manufactures a pedometer accessory for the iPod ?
Description:ME How is the credit to households accomplished ?
Entities:EN What was Schwarzenegger 's first film role ?
Entities:TH What 's the name of the now-discontinued accessory manufactured by Apple , that connected via the iPod 's dock connector ?
Quantification:PE What percentage of Plymouth residents were unemployed in 2014 ?
Entities:AT What audio integration feature has become standard on many car models ?
Entities:TH Which other Apple product does the iPod Touch share an interface and OS with ?
Quantification:NU How many minor league baseball teams are there in NYC ?
Quantification:SI What is the area of Tajikistan ?
Quantification:DI How many miles away from London is Plymouth ?
Entities:IS What type of institution is the Notre Dame ?
Entities:OR Along with the New York Rangers , what NHL franchise is based in New York ?
Entities:BO In what kinds of nations can the head of government attain the title of Excellency ?
Entities:IN What phrase is used to describe the period marked by competition for extant lands ?
Entities:AB What is the acronym for British Broadcasting Corporation ?
Entities:AT What did Apple include with the iPod to resolve the screen problem ?
Entities:DA When was Twilight Princess launched in North America ?
Entities:PE Who was the first female to be saved by the judges on American Idol ?
Entities:OR What institution aids in the creation of charter schools in New York ?
Entities:DA When did iPod owners take issue with the fragility of the iPod screen ?
Quantification:NU How many large colleges exist in Plymouth ?
Entities:EN What was Destiny 's Child 's first major song hit ?
Quantification:MO What was Plymouth ' per capita GVA in 2013 ?
Description:CE What caused Schwarzenegger 's father Gustav 's death ?
Description:ME What is a possible alternative to making carbon-based fuels from reduction of carbon dioxide ?
Entities:MO Which baseball stadium is found at Notre Dame ?
Quantification:RA What position did Schwarzenegger briefly hold at Muscle & Fitness and Flex ?
Quantification:NU How many mobile food vendors operate in New York City ?
Entities:LO Where did the BBC broadcast from following World War II ?
Description:RE Why is a second meter usually unnecessary to monitor electricity use ?
Entities:DA What year was Twilight Princess the most critically acclaimed game ?
Entities:PE What last name was Schwarzenegger going by when he starred in Hercules in New York ?
Entities:TH What new connector did Apple unveil on September 12 , 2012 ?
Entities:OR In 2007 , which airlines made deals to include iPod connections on their planes ?
Quantification:MA How many pounds does one of Schwarzenegger 's Hummers weigh ?
Entities:DA When was the Apple iTunes Store launched ?
Entities:LO What country borders Tajikistan to the south ?
Entities:DA When were images of new iPod colors leaked ?
Entities:TN What river borders Plymouth on the west ?
Entities:IN The French words Notre Dame du Lac translate to what in English ?
Entities:AW What honorific title can be given to prime ministers in commonwealth nations ?
Quantification:NU How many iPods did Apple reveal it sold in April of 2007 ?
Entities:DA In what year did World War I begin ?
Entities:LA What is considered a de facto second language in Mediterranean Europe ?
Entities:DA When could GameCube owners purchase Twilight Princess ?
Entities:DA In what year did Plymouth become a city ?
Entities:PE Who was eliminated the week after judges saved Jessica Sanchez on American Idol ?
Quantification:AG How old was Beyoncé when she won a school talent show ?
Entities:DA When did Destiny 's Child release their second album ?
Quantification:NU How many student housing areas are reserved for Notre Dame 's graduate students ?
Quantification:MO What was the United Kingdom 's average per capita GVA in 2013 ?
Entities:PE Who was the first woman Schwarzenegger was serious about ?
Entities:DA When did religious conflict end in Europe ?
Description:DE What process converts solar energy into storable and transportable fuels ?
Entities:AW What bodybuilding title did Schwarzenegger win in 1965 ?
Entities:TN When water is released due to high demand , the pump becomes what ?
Entities:PE In 1973 , who directed Schwarzenegger as a hit-man in The Long Goodbye ?
Quantification:SI How many square meters of office space does Manhattan have ?
Entities:EN What is the state song of New York ?
Entities:LO What region of the world did Nintendo want to design the next Legend of Zelda game for ?
Entities:AT What program is required to access the iTunes Store ?
Entities:LO What country borders Tajikistan to the west ?
Entities:LO In what county is Plymouth located ?
Entities:LO Which town do the New Jersey Devils hockey team play ?
Entities:PE Who is the patron saint of Notre Dame ?
Entities:BO What are British prime ministers part of that grants them the title Right Honourable ?
Entities:DA When did a victor emerge in World War I ?
Entities:PU Which New York-based newspaper has won the Pulitzer Prize for journalism ?
Entities:EV The oldest , longest horse races in the US are located in NYC called what ?
Entities:LO What company developed Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess ?
Entities:AN Which bird does Atticus Finch say is a sin to kill ? " "
Quantification:DI How far did Jessica Sanchez make it on American Idol ?
Entities:PE Who did Beyoncé sing a duet with for The Best Man film ?
Entities:PE Who was the only non-abusive father mentioned ?
Description:DE What is one purpose of a greenhouse ?
List:LO Which three countries did Beyonce 's song Work It Out achieve top ten status ?
Entities:TE What solar process can be used to produce different fuels ?
Quantification:NU How many times did Schwarzenegger win the Mr. Olympia title ?
Entities:IN Pumped-storage hydroelectricity stores energy in what form ?
Entities:LO Where was the Foxconn plant located ?
Entities:EN Schwarzenegger 's role in Stay Hungry led to a Golden Globe win in what category ?
Quantification:SI About how many million square feet of office space is present in Midtown Manhattan ?
Entities:DA I Love New York was established as advertising in what year ?
Entities:DA When were videos made available through the iTunes store ?
Entities:DA What was the first recorded history of this region ?
Entities:TN In what body of water do the rivers Tamar and Plym converge ?
Quantification:SI How large is Notre Dame in acres ?
Quantification:MO About how much does it cost per year to pay workers in the New York fashion industry ?
Description:DE What is produced when the features of passive solar architecture are customized to the environment ?
Entities:DA In what year was the first written reference to Plymouth made ?
Entities:EN At what event did the major Allied powers assert their conditions at the end of the war ?
Entities:LA Besides English , what other language is spoken in Malta ?
Definition:EN What are Poes ?
Entities:DA What year was the Legend of Zelda:Twilight Princess originally planned for release ?
Quantification:RA When did the judges use their save this season ?
Entities:LO What is an example of a country where prime ministers can be called Right Honourable solely because of their position ?
Description:DE What mental health issue did Beyonce go through ?
Entities:OR Who signed the girl group on October 5 , 1995 ?
Quantification:PE What percentage of Plymouth residents were suffering from poverty and deprivation in 2014 ?
Entities:DA When did Tajikistan become an independent nation ?
Entities:PE Who was the designer of the Plymouth Sound Breakwater ?
Entities:EN Beyonce starred with Cuba Gooding Jr. in which film ?
Entities:DA What year did Schwarzenegger 's interview with Talk magazine take place ?
Entities:AC What is the name of the process under development at the Weizmann Institute ?
Quantification:TI In 2011 , how much time each day did Schwarzenegger say he lifted weights ?
Entities:OR Which radio station provides radio to the students of Notre Dame at 88.9 FM ?
Description:ME How is the energy stored by pumped-storage hydroelectricity recovered ?
Entities:AT What adjective did Schwarzenegger say agents used to describe his body ?
Quantification:SI How much office space did Manhatten possess in 2015 ?
Entities:DA When did Apple reveal it had achieved its highest quarterly earnings to date ?
Quantification:MO The Waldorf Astoria hotel sold for how many dollars ?
Entities:EN What is the state song of New York ?
Entities:PU Along with the New York Times , what national daily newspaper is based in New York ?
Entities:PG What was modern Tajikistan part of around 500 BE ?
Entities:LO What was the location of the earliest settlement near Plymouth ?
Entities:PE Who restored Persian control of the region ?
Description:CE What caused Notre Dame to become notable in the early 20th century ?
Entities:PE Who set fire to Plymouth in 1403 ?
Entities:IN What kind of government is in operation in the United Kingdom ?
Entities:PU What publication revealed information about the working conditions of iPod labor ?
Entities:OR Which internet radio station of Notre Dame is served as an internet stream ?
Entities:DA The first practical solar boat was constructed in what year ?
Entities:LA What language can be found used in Kosovo and Albania ?
List:TH What are two stores which sell files with DRM not compatible with iPods ?
Entities:DA What year was the Wii version of Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess released ?
Entities:PE Who was the recipient of the Judges ' Save ?
Entities:AC What event occured after she was publicly criticized ?
Quantification:TI As of 2014 , what was the life expectancy of male Plymouth residents ?
Entities:PG Who went to war against Bolshevick armies ?
Entities:PE Who did Beyonce record the lead single with in the movie The Fighting Temptations ?
Description:DE The Solznic process produces what ?
Entities:EV In what competition did Schwarzenegger have to lift over 500 pounds while balancing on foot rests ?
Entities:DA The oil embargo in what year was a contributing factor to the reorganization of energy policies ?
Entities:DA When did Schwarzenegger purchase the rights to the film Pumping Iron ?
Entities:LO In what borough is Silicon Alley located ?
Entities:LO In what neighborhood does the Halloween Parade take place ?
Entities:DA What was the founding year of the New York Daily News ?
Entities:PE What was Plymouth 's original name ?
Entities:PE Which 20th century Notre Dame football coach is most notable ?
Definition:EN What did 'Plym Mouth ' mean ?
Quantification:MO How much is Eddy Street Commons at Notre Dame expected to cost ?
Quantification:PE What percentage of New York private sector jobs are in the securities industry ?
Quantification:PE What percentage of the time did The Mail on Sunday claim workers labored for at least seven straight days ?
Entities:PE Who is the main character of the story ?
Definition:EN What is Link 's job at the start of Twilight Princess ?
Entities:PE Which contestant was sent home the following week ?
Description:RE Why is the use of solar balloons typically limited to the toy market ?
Quantification:TI As of 2014 , what was the life expectancy of female Plymouth residents ?
Entities:EN Which other song from the soundtrack did better in the charts ?
Entities:TE What has been a main area of solar chemical research since the 1970s ?
Entities:AC What brought attention to solar technologies in the 1970s ?
Entities:DA In what year did Schwarzenegger play Jayne Mansfield 's husband in a film ?
Entities:OR What company sponsors the Thanksgiving Day parade ?
Entities:DA In what year did videos first become available on iTunes ?
Entities:PG What tribes took control of the region in first centry CE ?
Entities:DA In what year did the Pilgrim Fathers sail from Plymouth ?
Entities:BO Which athletic association are the student athletes at Notre Dame a part of ?
Quantification:TI What is the Indian term for Prime Minister ?
Entities:DA When was ground broken on the Eddy Street Commons Project of Notre Dame ?
Entities:PE Who was blamed for Luckett and Roberson leaving Destiny 's Child ?
Entities:EN What tennis Grand Slam event is held at the National Tennis Center ?
Entities:TN What land does Link serve to protect ?
Entities:PE What former contestant did Ace Young ask to marry him ?
Quantification:NU About how many private schools does New York have ?
Description:CE What event caused Beyonce 's depression ?
Entities:PG For what musical group was a special edition of the iPod first made ?
Entities:EN What film did Beyonce appear in with Mike Myers ?
Entities:TE What is one of the thermochemical processes that has been explored besides electrolysis ?
Description:RE Why were parties upset in the 2005 election ?
Entities:PE Who won Mr. Olympia 1969 ?
List:IN What are the names of some of the incentive programs used to promote solar technology ?
Entities:DA When was the Baird system officially abandoned ?
Entities:EN What role did Schwarzenegger miss out on because of his height ?
List:PU According to Shields , which of the books lessons are fundamental and universal ?
Quantification:PE What percentage of students at Notre Dame participated in the Early Action program ?
Entities:LO At what location is a Christmas tree famously lit every year ?
Entities:DA Which year was Lee awarded an induction into the Alabama Academy of Honor ?
Entities:DA When were full-length moved added to the iTunes store ?
Entities:DA When was Islam brought to the region ?
Entities:PE Who leaked the photos of new iPod colors ?
Entities:DA When did the siege of Plymouth end during the English Civil War ?
Quantification:NU How many students at Notre Dame received the Heisman Trophy ?
Quantification:TI What is the term for prime minister in Pakistan ?
Entities:NU Who was the leader of Italy when World War II started ?
Entities:LO Along with Plymouth and Devonport , what settlement comprised the Three Towns ?
Quantification:PE What percentage of Apple 's manufacturing employees worked over 60 hour weeks ?
Entities:PE What character helped Link in Twilight Princess ?
Entities:OR What company did Ray Kroc own ?
Quantification:RA In what season was Ace Young a finalist on American Idol ?
Entities:IN What are some entities that have taken issue with the possibility that BBC programming was being viewed for free ?
Entities:OR Along with ABC and NBC , what other major broadcaster is based in New York ?
Quantification:NU How many dorms for males are on the Notre Dame campus ?
Entities:TE What is the name of the process being developed by the Weizmann Institute ?
Entities:BO What is the name of the solar energy research facility in the US ?
Entities:EN What 1979 comedy film featured Schwarzenegger , Kirk Douglas , and Ann-Margret ?
Entities:OR Which airlines first agreed to install seat connections for iPods ?
Quantification:DI How many miles does the average student at Notre Dame travel to study there ?
Entities:LO After the Dockyard Technical College closed , where were classes relocated to ?
Entities:IN What Microsoft media format is not natively supported by Apple devices ?
Entities:AT What was one feature that could not be implemented in Ocarina of Time ?
Entities:IN When the iTunes store was launched , what type of file format was used ?
Entities:PG What empire brought Islam practices with them ?
Entities:PG What was the name of the colony founded by the Pilgrim Fathers in the New World ?
Entities:LO In what city are the New Jersey Devils located ?
Quantification:NU There were multiple students from Notre Dame who entered the Pro Football Hall of Fame , how many ?
Definition:EN What does Wazir-e-Azam mean in English ?
Entities:PO What was the military partnership between countries aligned with the Soviet Union called ?
Entities:PE What architect was noted for his neoclassical designs in Plymouth ?
Entities:DA When did Apple begin selling entire films through the iTunes store ?
Entities:EN What annual sporting competition features the Wanamaker Mile ?
Entities:PE Who is the protagonist is Legend of Zelda ?
Quantification:RA In What season did Diana DeGarmo come in second on American Idol ?
Entities:AC What shows what action the button will trigger ?
Quantification:NU About how many Plymouth residents are serving in the military ?
Entities:EN What genre of movie did Beyonce star in with Cuba Gooding , Jr ?
Entities:TH The first generation nano suffered from which component getting damaged easily ?
Entities:TE In what form do thermal mass systems store solar energy ?
Quantification:AG How old was Schwarzenegger when he won Mr. Olympia in 1970 ?
Entities:BO What is the name of the solar energy research facility in Japan ?
Entities:OC Atticus Finch 's integrity has become a model for which job ?
Entities:EN What was the title of the sequel to Conan the Barbarian ?
Quantification:RA Where did U.S. News & World Report rank Notre Dame in its 2015-2016 university rankings ?
Entities:LO In what borough is the Unisphere located ?
Quantification:NU How many computers were allowed to play files that used the FairPlay DRM system ?
Entities:IN What religions were practiced in the region from first centry CE to 4th centry CE ?
Entities:PE What Assemblyman playfully tried to measure Schwarzenegger 's height ?
Quantification:RA Where among US universities does Notre Dame rank ?
Entities:DI What type of sensory issue was a concern prior to the release of 5th gen iPods ?
Entities:AW What is the head of government 's office called in Canada ?
Entities:AB What does EU stand for ?
Entities:LO On what street did many of the buildings designed by John Foulston reside ?
Quantification:RA Where does the University of Plymouth rank among British institutions of higher education in terms of number of enrolled students ?
Entities:OR What organization did Apple join to monitor its labor policies ?
Entities:DA When was the first broadcast of Tom and Jerry on BBC One ?
Quantification:MO How much revenue did Apple announce for Q2 2007 ?
Entities:AN What is the name of the mysterious creature that assists Link ?
Entities:OC What professorship did Father Josh Carrier hold at Notre Dame ?
Entities:PE Who won this season of Idol ?
Entities:LO Where is the speaker located on the Wii console ?
Entities:PE During whose reign was the former town of Sutton referred to as Plymouth ?
Entities:DA When was Plymouth Gin first distilled ?
Entities:EN What song was the lead single from the film 's sound track ?
Entities:DA When did the Romans make Christianity their official religion ?
Entities:TE What is the system called that can store solar energy in the form of heat ?
Entities:PE Who did Schwarzenegger beat to win his sixth Mr. Olympia in a row ?
Entities:PG Which group took control in 1933 ?
Entities:BO What is the name of the solar energy research facility in Germany ?
Entities:DA What year was the first Terminator movie released ?
Entities:LO What are the metropolitan areas with higher temperatures than the surrounding areas called ?
Quantification:RA Forbes.com placed Notre Dame at what position compared to other US research universities ?
Entities:TH Where are the controls located on the 3rd gen iPod Shuffle ?
Entities:IN What computer OS did iPod software exclusively work with at launch ?
Entities:IN In what category could files without digital rights management be found on the iTunes store ?
Entities:EN Charlie 's Angels featured which single from the band members ?
Quantification:RA What was the rate that the GDP expanded ?
Entities:PE Who wrote the original lyrics to the Notre Dame Victory March ?
Entities:PU What 's the title of Schwarzenegger 's autobiography ?
Entities:LO What was the name of the region when it was the cultural center of Iran ?
Quantification:NU How many individual colleges are part of Notre Dame ?
Entities:OC What is the head of government 's office called in the UK ?
Entities:PE What governs iPod manufacturers ' labor policies ?
Description:DE What was the European Union tasked with managing ?
Entities:PE Who founded Plymouth Porcelain ?
Quantification:NU Which denomination of Christianity is more common in the eastern part of Mediterranean Europe ?
Entities:TH For what device 's sales does Apple leverage the iTunes store ?
Entities:IN This storyline takes place alternate from what storyline ?
Quantification:RA Which season was Ace Young on ?
Entities:LO Where is Basque Country located ?
Entities:EN What sound do users hear when uncovering secrets in the game ?
Entities:OR What company produces Plymouth Gin ?
Entities:OR The Kellogg Institute for International Studies is part of which university ?
Description:AN How did the critics view the movie , '' The Fighting Temptations '' ?
List:TH What are some of the materials used in thermal storage systems ?
Entities:DA What year did Schwarzenegger quit competing as a professional bodybuilder ?
Quantification:TI The solar water heaters introduced in the US in the 1890s saw growth until what time period ?
Entities:PE Who directed The Terminator ?
Quantification:RA The undergrad school at the Mendoza College of Business was ranked where according to Business Week ?
Entities:PU Which book was credited with sparking the US Civil War ?
List:IN What are some examples of audio formats supported by the iPod ?
Entities:PE What is the name of Beyoncé 's alter-ego ?
Entities:DA When did Apple reveal that most of the iTunes selection was free from DRM ?
Entities:IS What is the primary source of income in Tajikistan ?
Entities:AW Which prize does the Architecture School at Notre Dame give out ?
Entities:AB What 's a common abbreviation for the term institute of technology ?
Quantification:NU How many World Series have New York teams won ?
Entities:DA When did communism fall in allies of the Soviet Union ?
Quantification:RA Which generation iPod was the first to include the 30-pin dock connector ?
Entities:DA In what year was Plymouth Porcelain founded ?
Entities:LO What street was renamed in the late 2000s to commemorate the street version of baseball ?
Entities:AW What accolade did Twilight Princess receive after its release ?
Entities:TH What do the Bulbins take from Ordon ?
Quantification:RA Which season was Diana DeGarmo on ?
Entities:TH What part of the Wii is employed to use weapons ?
Description:RE Why was solar technology developed in the 1860s ?
Quantification:NU How many people attended Broadway shows during the 2013-2014 season ?
Entities:DA During what decade was Plymouth Gin the most widely consumed in the world ?
Entities:EN What film did Beyoncé star in with Mike Myers in 2002 ?
Description:DE What is something that can be accomplished by a thermal mass system ?
Entities:EV What was Schwarzenegger 's last competition before retirement ?
Quantification:SI How large is the Alexandria Center for Life Science in square meters ?
Quantification:NU How many stories tall is the main library at Notre Dame ?
Quantification:RA Since 1999 , what average rate has the solar water heating sector progressed at ?
Entities:EN What other action star was an international hit in the 1980s ?
Entities:PU In 2014 what entity named Notre Dame 10th best of all American universities ?
Entities:LO Where would Schwarzenegger write down his goals ?
Entities:PE Who did Zant form a pact with ?
Entities:TH What was the first model to support JPEG and other still image formats ?
Entities:DA By what time did Apple project its entire catalog would be free of DRM ?
Quantification:NU How many Major League baseball league pennants have New York teams won ?
Quantification:NU How many doctorate and masters programs are available at Notre Dame ?
Entities:DA In what century did the term polytechnic first show up ?
Entities:LO Who controled the Tajikistan portion of Russian Trukestan ?
Entities:EV What conference do the Notre Dame fencing teams take part in ?
Entities:OC What was William Cookworthy 's profession ?
Quantification:NU How many schools have a similar men 's basketball record to Notre Dame in terms of wins ?
Entities:LO In what borough is Stickball Boulevard located ?
Entities:LO Where does Link depart from at the end of the game ?
Quantification:NU How many lines did the Baird transmission contain ?
Entities:EN What is the first song that Phillip Phliips released after winning American Idol ?
Quantification:NU About how many students attend schools in the City University of New York system ?
Entities:TH Aside from the sword , what is another weapon that Link can use ?
Quantification:PE About what percentage of Plymouth 's income comes from the Dockyard ?
Entities:PE What was Beyoncé 's character called in Austin Powers in Goldmember ?
Entities:TH Paraffin wax is an example of what kind of storage media ?
Quantification:PE What percentage of the food served at Notre Dame is locally grown ?
Entities:EN What was the name of the bodybuilding film Schwarzenegger starred in ?
Entities:DA When did the use of solar water heaters in the US first begin ?
Quantification:DI How far from its studio could the BBC 's broadcast originally reach ?
Entities:DA What year was Schwarzenegger 's film The Running Man released ?
Quantification:PE What percentage of Notre Dame students decide to study abroad ?
Quantification:MO What was the October 2014 purchase price of the Waldorf Astoria ?
Quantification:NU In 2004 , the novel as been picked by how many communities for citywide reading programs more than any other book ?
Entities:IN What was the original format for purchased audio files on iTunes ?
Entities:IN Where did Beyonce get her name from ?
Entities:MO Which art museum does Notre Dame administer ?
Entities:OR What school founded in 1794 first used a form of the word polytechnic in its name ?
Entities:EV There is a conference that the male hockey team of Notre Dame competes in , what is it ?
Entities:PE What was the name of the engineer involved in the construction of the Eddystone Lighthouse ?
Entities:LO What smaller unit makes up the southern Europe region ?
Entities:DA When is the HD version of Twilight Princess slated for launch ?
Entities:OC What is the term used in spain for prime minister ?
Entities:EN What is the name of the song that Jessica Sanchez released first after American Idol ?
Quantification:NU How many weapons can be equipped by Link if playing Twilight Princess on a GameCube ?
Entities:BO What Royal Navy base is present in Plymouth ?
Entities:PE With which of his friends did Schwarzenegger start a bricklaying company ?
Entities:EN Which song did Beyoncé release as the lead single for Austin Powers in Goldmember 's soundtrack ?
Entities:PE Which scientist developed a means of viewing space ?
Entities:TI How much time did Schwarzenegger have to train for the 1975 Mr. Olympia competition ?
Quantification:NU How many people are estimated to live in Tajikistan ?
Entities:EN What 's the title of the comedy movie Schwarzenegger starred in with Danny DeVito in 1988 ?
Entities:DA In what year did airlines first start to accommodate the iPod ?
Entities:PE What person was the Director of the Science Museum at Notre Dame in the late 19th century ?
List:OR What are two airlines that considered implementing iPod connections but did not join the 2007 agreement ?
Entities:AT What will be erased if an iPod is set to sync with a different computer ?
Entities:DA What year did Nintendo announce a new Legend of Zelda was in the works for Gamecube ?
Entities:TE What was the name of the DRM system originally used by Apple and iTunes ?
Entities:PG Notre Dame students had a showdown in 1924 with which anti-catholic group ?
Entities:LA What is the most common group of languages spoken in Mediterranean Europe ?
Entities:DA In what year was Father Edward Sorin given two years to create a college ?
Entities:LA What language does the French word polytechnique come from ?
Entities:EV In what conference did the Fighting Irish take part in in 2012 ?
Quantification:DI In kilometers , how long was the Plymouth Sound Breakwater ?
Entities:DA In what year was the iTunes store established ?
Entities:AB What does TDM stand for ?
List:DA On what days did the BBC provide regular broadcasts ?
Entities:MO What was the dollar amount of the tickets sold on Broadway in 2013-14 ?
Entities:EN What was Phillip 's coronation song ?
Entities:TE The Wii version makes use of what kind of sensors ?
Entities:TH What is the name of the main library at Notre Dame ?
Quantification:NU How many maritime businesses operate in Plymouth ?
Entities:EN What musical comedy did Beyoncé star in along with Cuba Gooding , Jr. in 2003 ?
List:TH What are some examples of phase change materials ?
Entities:OR Which phone manufacturers adopted the AAC file format to become better iPod-compatible ?
Quantification:NU Growth of solar water heating development has averaged how much per year since 1999
Entities:PE Who took over the territory and made it part of their empire ?
Quantification:MO How much did Schwarzenegger make from the film Total Recall , on top of 15 % of gross ?
Quantification:AG What was the lifespan of John Augustine Zahm ?
Entities:TH What must an iPod be connected to before iTunes can synchronize ?
Entities:DA When was the region under Tibetan empire and the CHinese ?
Entities:OR What cable news channel is based in New York ?
Entities:LO Slovene is a major language in what country ?
Entities:IN What word means the same thing as institute of technology " ? "
Entities:EV To what conference did the Fighting Irish go after the Big East ?
Entities:EN What songs does the trumpet section of the Band of the Fighting Irish play preceding home football games ?
Entities:DA When was the final broadcast of Tom and Jerry ?
Quantification:NU How many Game of the Year awards did Twilight Princess receive ?
Entities:DA In what year did Albert Zahm begin comparing aeronatical models at Notre Dame ?
Entities:EN What song did Sanchez release ?
Entities:TH What device on the Wii allows for sounds of a bowstring to be heard ?
Entities:OC What are the heads of government in Wales , Scotland and Northern Ireland called ?
Entities:NU How many people work in Tamar Science Park ?
Entities:EN What song did Beyoncé release as the lead single from The Fighting Tempations ?
Quantification:TE What are the approximate temperatures that can be delivered by phase change materials ?
Entities:PE For what Hollywood role was Schwarzenegger training in 1980 ?
Entities:PE Who led the Nazis ?
Quantification:SI How tall did Men 's Health magazine report Schwarzenegger to be in a 1999 issue ?
Quantification:SI What was the estimated capacity of solar water heating and cooling in 2007 ?
Entities:EN What 1992 TV movie did Schwarzenegger direct ?
Entities:TH What materials absorb sunlight and create higher temperatures than natural materials ?
Entities:IN What program did John Augustine Zahm come to co-direct at Nore Dame ?
Quantification:NU How many New Yorkers work in the television and film industry ?
Entities:DA In what year was DRM completely eliminated from the iTunes offerings ?
Quantification:NU How many weeks did their single Independent Women Part I stay on top ?
Quantification:RA Which generation iPod was required to enjoy the new games available on iTunes 7 ?
Entities:DA When was the region under Tibetan empire and the CHinese ?
Entities:OR What was the first institute of technology in the world ?
Entities:LA What type of language is Maltese ?
Quantification:NU How many teams in each season do the Fighting Irish commit to play against ACC opponents ?
Entities:DA In what year did construction finish on the Plymouth Sound Breakwater ?
Entities:LO Where is the Schwarzenegger restaurant located ?
Entities:DA On what day do Notre Dame home football games occur ?
Quantification:TI 2013 's The Last Stand marked Schwarzenegger 's first starring role in how long ?
Entities:AT The iPod can play music from other online stores as long as they do n't contain what feature ?
Entities:TE What kind of camera was used to broadcast live shows under the Baird system ?
Entities:EV Where did the Fighting Irish hockey team compete prior to a move to Hockey East , in terms of conference ?
Entities:EN Which song is the best selling coronation song of all Idol seasons ?
Quantification:NU How many dungeon instances are provided in Twilight Princess ?
Quantification:SI How large was the hard drive on the original iPod ?
Entities:OR What is a notable company based in Plymouth ?
Entities:LO Who won the war ?
Entities:EN What was the highest Beyonce 's first solo recording achieved in the Billboard Hot 100 ?
Entities:TE What was the name of the heating system that first used Glauber 's salt ?
Quantification:NU How many weeks did Schwarzenegger spend getting ready for the 1980 Mr. Olympia contest ?
Entities:OR Which organization believes that solar energy can solve some of our most pressing issues ?
Entities:EN An episode of what well-known TV series was Schwarzenegger 's directorial debut ?
Entities:PU What book did John Zahm write in 1896 ?
Entities:PE Which of Schwarzenegger 's sons was with him when he had a motorcycle accident in 2006 ?
Entities:TH On what part of newer iPods can you find the buttons ?
List:IN In her music , what are some recurring elements in them ?
Entities:DA In what year did the Manhattan Neighborhood Network begin ?
List:OR What are the names of companies producing video games for Apple 's MP3 player ?
Entities:DA On what date did brothers from Holy Cross arrive at the future location of Notre Dame ?
Entities:EV What war led to the increased popularity of institutes of technology and polytechnics ?
Entities:TH Which model of iPod combined the headphone jack and data port ?
Entities:DA When did construction commence on Plymouth Sound Breakwater ?
Entities:IN Under what auspices does the BBC exist ?
Entities:DA What year will the game release a high-definition port for the Wii U console ?
Entities:DA What year did season 12 of American Idol first air ?
Entities:PE What does Link fight in dungeons ?
Entities:PE Who was the president of Notre Dame in 2012 ?
Entities:DA In what year did Charles II ascend to the throne ?
Entities:MO What notable shop is located in a grade II listed building ?
Entities:EN Beyonce 's first album by herself was called what ?
Entities:PE Who supported Beyonce through her depression ?
Entities:AN According to Atticus , which bird is it a sin to shoot ?
Description:RE Why are salts good for thermal storage ?
Quantification:NU How many times did Schwarzenegger win Mr. Olympia before retiring for good ?
Entities:OR In 2011 , what school was built on Roosevelt Island ?
Entities:PE Who said that solar energy can help solve some of the most urgent problems in the world ?
Entities:EN What Schwarzenegger film was 1991 's highest-grossing movie ?
Entities:IN What term is used by the UNO to divide groups of nations ?
Description:DE What factors were taken into account in the estimate published in 2000 on solar energy ?
Entities:OR Which media source said Schwarzenegger was trying to deal with rumors that he might run for governor of California ?
Entities:DA When was full coverage of the BBC 's standard programming launched in online stream format ?
Quantification:NU Approximately how many feature films are made in New York City every year ?
Entities:OR What is the primary public television station in New York ?
Entities:IS What market can Apple participate in now that it has a variety of games available for iPod ?
Entities:PE What was the founding name of the Braunschweig University of Technology ?
Entities:PG Catholic people identified with Notre Dame , what religious group did people feel Yale represented ?
Entities:TH What colors are the official ones used by Notre Dame in sport competition ?
Quantification:NU How many NCAA tournaments did the Notre Dame men 's basketball team take part in ?
Entities:DA When did the BBC start creating its own programming ?
List:AC What are the three main activities in The Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess ?
Quantification:RA What was Mariah Careys position on season 12 of American Idol ?
Quantification:PE What fraction of Manhattan residents graduated from college ?
Entities:TH What provides a bridge between the different dungeons ?
Entities:PE Which notable astronaut is known to have attended Notre Dame ?
Entities:PE Who took over the remains of the Western Roman Empire ?
Entities:DA In what year was Pannier Market finished ?
Entities:DA What year did Schwarzenegger first try to win the Mr. Olympia title ?
Quantification:NU How many has Dangerously in Love sold worldwide since its debut ?
Quantification:NU How much energy was the Solar Two able to store using salts ?
Entities:BO Notre Dame got a B" for its sustainability practices from which entity ? "
Entities:DA In what year did Schwarzenegger write that he used anabolic steroid because they were helpful" ? "
Description:DE ISO 9050 relates to standards for what ?
Entities:SP Twilight Princess uses the control setup first employed in which previous game ?
Entities:OR What organization named Schwarzenegger the International Star of the Decade " in 1993 ? "
Quantification:NU What was the total potential of solar energy found in the estimate ?
Entities:DA The episode of The Tonight Show with Jay Leno where Schwarzenegger announced his candidacy for Governor aired on what date ?
Entities:AT What kind of interface does the iPod touch use instead of the click wheel ?
Entities:LO In 2001 , what city 's mayor picked To Kill a Mockingbird as their favorite book ?
Entities:DA When did the Montgomery Bus Boycott take place ?
Entities:OR What is the largest public radio station in the US by audience size ?
List:PU What two publications have covered iPod games ?
Entities:DA In what year was the École Polytechnique founded ?
Entities:TE What type of mascot do the Notre Dame sport teams have ?
Entities:TH What animal byproduct was imported to Plymouth in the 19th century ?
Entities:DA On what date did the BBC being its regular TV broadcasts ?
Entities:LO Where does Notre Dame rank in terms of academic profile among research universities in the US ?
Quantification:NU How many times have two teams from New York played against each other in the World Series ?
Entities:DA In what year were BBC broadcasts seen in the United States ?
Entities:OC What is the Irish term for prime minister ?
Entities:WE What website showed video of an altercation between Mariah Carey and Nicki Minaj ?
Entities:TH Which type of iPod car integration product is illegal in certain countries ?
Entities:PE What is the name of Link 's steed ?
Entities:PE In 1995 , who decided to manage the girls singing group ?
Entities:PE Which newest member was removed from Destiny 's Child ?
Entities:OR Which company provides the ability to connect to iPods as a standard feature in their automobiles ?
Entities:EN Beyonce 's first number one song was which song ?
Entities:PE Who was responsible for creating the first radio ?
Entities:DE Where do off-grid PV systems store excess electricity ?
Entities:PE What German doctor was sued by Schwarzenegger ?
Entities:IN ISO 10217 relates to standards for what ?
Entities:EN What 1994 film brought Schwarzenegger back together with director James Cameron ?
Entities:IN What is the name of an audio format developed by Apple ?
Definition:EN What is solar power ?
Quantification:NU How many debates did Schwarzenegger participate in before the 2003 California recall election ?
Quantification:MO How much money does the New York film and television industry create every year ?
Description:DE Many reviewers consider the second part of the book to be about what issue ?
Entities:PE Who was the director that unintentionally announced a Zelda game was in the works ?
Entities:DA In what year did the city cease to own WNYC ?
Entities:LO Where have Middle Iron Age remnants been found ?
Entities:IN What format is used for iPod game files ?
List:LO What are the three main areas of southern Europe where Italian speakers can be found ?
Entities:TE What kind of institutions do countries like Germany and Switzerland consider institutes of technology to be ?
Quantification:MO How much revenue did iPod sales account for in Q4 2008 ?
Entities:OR Who currently provides uniforms to Notre Dame sport teams ?
Entities:LO In what settlement were the dockyards located ?
Entities:PE In the book , which character was expected of molesting their child ?
Entities:LO In what country is the BBC headquartered ?
Entities:PE Which Notre Dame alum from the College of Science won a Nobel Prize ?
Entities:TH What can be used to shoot without the need to manually target enemies ?
Entities:DA When did season 12 premiere ?
Description:DE What must Link solve throughout the game ?
Entities:PE Who resurrects Midna after the fight with Ganondorf ?
Quantification:NU How many top five singles came from her first album ?
Entities:TE What do off-grid PV systems use to store excess electricity ?
Entities:IN What is the name of the standard related to glass in building ?
Entities:EN What was Schwarzenegger 's second film with co-star Danny DeVito ?
Entities:DA In what year did Jerome Green send his first wireless message ?
Quantification:PE What percentage of the October 2003 vote was in favor of a recall ?
Entities:LO What United States city is the second most popular for pilot episode location filming ?
Entities:EN The main jurors in Tom Robinson 's trial were all which race ?
Entities:OR The public-assess TV channel that has been around the longest in the US in what ?
Entities:OR Which rival company sued Apple in 2005 and 2006 ?
Entities:IN What file format is being covered up by the use of ipg files ?
Entities:NU What was the limit imposed on how loud the iPod could play sounds in the EU ?
Entities:DA In what year were polytechnics in the UK given the university designation ?
Quantification:MO What is the value of the contract between Under Armour and Notre Dame ?
Entities:BO What was the primary base of the Royal navy during World War I ?
Quantification:PE What percentage of viewership across the UK is constituted by the BBC ?
Quantification:NU How many episodes of Tom and Jerry were shown in the evenings ?
Quantification:NU How many wins does the Notre Dame men 's basketball team have ?
Entities:TH What did the RCA employees use in order to receive the BBC signal ?
Entities:PE Which professor sent the first wireless message in the USA ?
Quantification:NU How many judges did this season have ?
Entities:PE Who must Link fight at the end of a dungeon level ?
Entities:DA In what year during the Hundred Years ' War did the French assault Plymouth ?
Entities:PE Who did Beyonce record with for the movie The Best Man ?
Entities:PE Beyonce 's first solo album in the U.S. with what artist in the lead single ?
Entities:LO Which country did Hitler align Germany with ?
Entities:IN What is the name of the standard related to the materials used in solar water heaters ?
Quantification:MO How much did the third Terminator movie make domestically alone ?
Description:DE What is a way to reduce the high temperatures created in urban heat islands ?
Description:DE What does a concentrated solar power system use ?
Entities:PE Who was Schwarzenegger 's closest rival in the gubernatorial race of 2003 ?
List:OR Along with Warner Music Group , what top three record label is based in New York City ?
Description:ME How did Tom Robinson die in the novel ?
Entities:DA In what year did Universal Music Group let their contract with iTunes lapse ?
Quantification:DI In kilometers , what is the distance from Plymouth to Exeter ?
Entities:PE What was Schwarzenegger 's older brother 's name ?
Entities:AB What does SDK stand for ?
Entities:OR What is the name of the Royal Polytechnic Institution now ?
Entities:OR Which British tabloid accused Apple of unfair worker conditions in 2006 ?
Entities:DA When did the Notre Dame marching band form ?
Description:DE What sorts of ships were based in Davenport ?
Entities:EN As a result of shows that the BBC itself creates , it is one of the biggest what ?
Entities:WE What website ran a survey to learn how often iPods ceased working ?
Entities:OR What company ended its deal with Apple 's music store in July of 2007 ?
Entities:TH What secondary weapon in Twilight Princess is analogous to a weapon featured in previous games ?
Quantification:NU How many girls were in the top 10 on season 12 of American Idol ?
Entities:TH What connects the dungeons ?
Quantification:NU In 2012-3 , what number of people saw a show on Broadway ?
Entities:IN What religions were discourages so their places of worship were closed ?
Entities:EN What solo album did Beyonce release in 2003 ?
List:TE What are the technologies used to capture solar energy characterized as ?
Quantification:SI How many feet tall was the proposed statue of Schwarzenegger ?
Entities:TH What did the brother of John Zahm construct at Notre Dame ?
Quantification:NU By about what number of votes did Schwarzenegger win the 2003 recall election in California ?
Entities:LO What city is North America 's biggest media market ?
Entities:AC At the time of the novel 's setting , what punishment was often received by black males for percieved sexual contact with a white woman ?
Entities:OR The largest public radio station by listeners is what in New York ?
Entities:IN What is the only operating system on which iPhone SDK-made games can be played ?
Entities:LO What street is the University of Westminster on ?
Description:DE What is notable about the Notre Dame marching band ?
Entities:TE What interface was gradually phased out for both charging and data transfer ?
Entities:LO What location provided a base for flying boats ?
Entities:DA In what year did Michael J. Shea graduate from Notre Dame ?
Quantification:RA Where does Plymouth rank in population among the cities of the UK ?
Entities:EN What genre of game is Twilight Princess ?
Entities:PE What form does Link take in the Twilight Realm ?
Quantification:NU To set the record for Grammys , how many did Beyonce win ?
Quantification:RA The album , Dangerously in Love achieved what spot on the Billboard Top 100 chart ?
Description:DE What are some active solar techniques used to harness solar energy ?
Entities:BO What was the name of the cultural association that wanted to build a Terminator statue ?
Entities:TE What method does the photovoltaics system use to turn light into electricity ?
Quantification:PE What percentage of the vote did Schwarzenegger 's opponent Bustamante receive ?
Entities:TH What possession of Midna does Ganondorf destroy ?
Entities:PE Who comprised Tom 's jury ?
Entities:DA On what date was the iTunes Wi-Fi Music Store launched ?
Entities:DA In what year was Apple sued for issues relating to its battery life ?
Entities:IN What file format are iPod games distributed in ?
Entities:TH What river was adjacent to HMNB Davenport ?
Entities:EN What is the Notre Dame fight song ?
Description:DE What force used Sunderland flying boats out of Devonport ?
Entities:PE Which Notre Dame men 's basketball player has the record for more points in one game ?
Entities:PE Who is responsible for writing the music for Notre Dame Victory March ?
Entities:EN Twilight Princess follows the control scheme introduced in what game ?
Entities:DA In what year did the iTunes store begin allowing users to buy video games ?
Entities:PE What is Link 's main form of offense in wolf form ?
Entities:PE Which individual worked on projects at Notre Dame that eventually created neoprene ?
Entities:TH What does Link have to gather in order to complete each area ?
Entities:TE What is an example of a passive solar technique ?
Entities:OR What company did the U.S. engineers who saw the BBC broadcast work for ?
Description:DE What has influenced the design since the beginning of architectural history ?
Entities:IN What is Congregation of Holy Cross in Latin ?
Quantification:NU How many times was Tom shot ?
Entities:DA In what year was the iTunes Wi-Fi Music Store introduced ?
Entities:IN Socrate 's what is a classic example of passive solar design ?
Entities:TH An app produced with the iPhone SDK can only run on what devices ?
Entities:PE Who first leaked the photos of the new iPod color scheme ?
Entities:WE Which website criticized Apple 's battery life claims ?
Quantification:NU How many male workers were present in Plymouth Dock circa 1712 ?
Entities:PG Which team did Notre Dame 's football team find inspiration from ?
Entities:OR What military organization was based in Devonport until 1941 ?
Entities:DA In what year did Notre Dame Victory March get copyrighted ?
Entities:PG Who took control of the regin in 710 ?
Entities:OC What position was Michael Foot noted to occupy in government ?
List:TH What 2 main weapons does Link use in combat ?
Entities:DA In what year was the Theodore M. Hesburgh Library at Notre Dame finished ?
Entities:IN Hostile spirits are also known as what ?
Entities:LO What city was Beyoncé 's elementary school located in ?
Quantification:NU How many professional sports leagues have their headquarters in New York ?
Quantification:NU In how many colors is the current iPod Touch available ?
Quantification:NU Plymouth has how many state secondary schools ?
Quantification:MO What was the value of Apple 's cash assets at the end of 2007 ?
Entities:PU What 's the name of the comic book character modeled on Schwarzenegger ?
Entities:TH Which product enabled users to view images on the device ?
Entities:DA In what year did Lobund at Notre Dame become an Institute ?
Entities:PE What politician threatened to start working to recall Schwarzenegger right after he was elected ?
Quantification:NU How many seats are in Notre Dame Stadium ?
Quantification:PE What percentage of Notre Dame students feel they are Christian ?
Quantification:TE A program in Los Angeles believes that with $ 1 billion , city temperatures could be reduced by approximately how many degrees in Celsius ?
Entities:AN Atticus is tasked with killing what animal in the novel ?
Quantification:AG How old was Schwarzenegger when he started bodybuilding ?
Entities:DA Due to delays , when was the actual date of the BBC 's move to satellite broadcasts ?
Quantification:NU About how many public schools are there in New York City ?
Entities:EN What type of event did the Klan intend to have at Notre Dame in March of 1924 ?
Selection:TF Is the Apple SDK available to third-party game publishers ?
Quantification:NU What was the 1733 population of Plymouth Dock ?
Entities:DA In what year did Notre Dame football begin ?
Quantification:NU How many attacks comprised the Plymouth Blitz ?
Quantification:NU How many newspaper offices are located in New York ?
Entities:DA When did Baird cease showing its programs on BBC ?
Entities:PO What notable piece of legislation did Michael Foot contribute to ?
Description:DE What control can be used while targeting that allows the player to forego manual targeting ?
Entities:OR What was the first station to show programs in color ?
Entities:PG Who attacks the village ?
Entities:PE Who can enemies detect from a greater distance than in previous games ?
Entities:DA In what year was the iPod first introduced ?
Entities:DA When did Crusaders invade Constantinople ?
Quantification:NU What is solar energy 's yearly potential ?
Entities:PU What famous comic book writer did Schwarzenegger work with on the Governator ?
Entities:DA The Lobund Institute was merged into the Department of Biology at Notre Dame in what year ?
Entities:LO In the decade following the war , where did a large portion of the BBC move to ?
Entities:EN What Saturday Night Live sketch was Schwarzenegger referencing when he called opposing politicians girlie men " ? "
Quantification:NU How often is Catholic mass held at Notre Dame in a week ?
Entities:IN What is Atticus shooting the rabid dog symbolic of ?
Entities:TH On what devices can video games be used ?
Entities:OR Who announced the status of Keeping Up Appearances as the most exported BBC show ?
Entities:IN What kind program is commonly used to move files between iTunes and an iPod ?
Quantification:NU How many New Yorkers work in the food processing field ?
Entities:LO In what parish was HMNB Davenport located ?
Entities:OR What university is Notre Dame tied with in terms of most Heisman Trophy winners ?
Quantification:NU How many civilian deaths occurred as a result of the Plymouth Blitz ?
Entities:PE Ronald Reagan had a nickname , what was it ?
Entities:OR On what channel was Tom and Jerry sometimes shown in the mornings ?
Entities:OR What party did Michael Foot become a leader of ?
Description:DE What did the British fear could provide guidance to the German air force ?
Description:ME How is sunlight converted into electricity ?
Entities:IN Link 's wolf form is faster than what other form ?
Quantification:PE As of 2007 , what percentage of Apple 's revenue came from iPod sales ?
Description:DE What must Link collect ?
Quantification:NU How man pins did the pre-Lightning dock connecter use ?
Entities:DA In what year did iPod sales show improvement ?
Entities:PE Who is the developer of Eddy Street Commons ?
Description:RE What makes solar energy an appealing source of electricity >
Entities:EN Schwarzenegger said he was reading scripts that included the one for what WWII film based on a true story ?
Quantification:NU What was the population of Plymouth unitary authority circa 2011 ?
Definition:EN What is a solar balloon ?
Entities:DA In what month of 2005 did Schwarzenegger hold a special election ?
Quantification:NU How many chapels are on the Notre Dame campus ?
Entities:PE Who does the cooking at the Finch 's house ?
Entities:AT What was included on the first iPod ?
Quantification:NU Their third album , Survivor , sold how many during its first week ?
List:IN What kind of other applications enable communication between iTunes and an iPod ?
Entities:PE Who was Hart 's writing partner ?
Entities:TH Along with coal and grain , what was the most important import in 18th century Plymouth ?
Entities:IN What is the main faith practiced in southern Europe ?
Entities:PG Against which team does Notre Dame compete for the Jeweled Shillelagh ?
Quantification:NU How many homes were totally destroyed in the Plymouth Blitz ?
Entities:EN In what film did a parody of the Win one for the Gipper speech appear ?
Entities:LO In what town was Michael Foot born ?
Entities:BO What entity did Universal have a contract with prior to July of 2007 ?
Entities:BO What part of the military did many people working for the BBC end up serving in ?
Entities:IN What does Link transform into when he enters the Twilight Realm ?
Entities:TH What does Link assist Midna in collecting ?
Entities:PE Which Apple engineer led original iPod design group ?
Entities:PE Who has written the only biography of Harper Lee ?
Entities:PG Which faction did Plymouth support during the English Civil War ?
Entities:PG Who restored Persian control of the region ?
Entities:BO Who estimated the annual potential of solar energy in 2000 ?
Entities:PE Who wrote the screenplay for With Wings as Eagles ?
Description:CE What happens when sunlight shines on a solar balloon ?
Entities:PE Who was speculated to have wrote the book instead of Harper Lee ?
Quantification:NU How many of Schwarzenegger 's ballot initiatives were defeated in the special election of 2005 ?
Quantification:NU What amount of the student body of Notre Dame identifies as Catholic ?
Entities:PE Who is Atticus Finch 's sibling ?
Quantification:NU How many highschools are specialized in NYC ?
Entities:TE What mechanic allows one button to serve many functions ?
Quantification:RA In terms of Notre Dame students in the College Football Hall of Fame the amount of students named is what ?
Entities:AT What interface replaced FireWire in later iterations of the iPod ?
Entities:PE Who was the author of the 1943 Plan for Plymouth ?
Entities:IN What was the medium that brought the BBC 's signal to the transmitter ?
Quantification:NU What was the population of Plymouth in 1971 ?
List:OR Which two national newspapers are located in New York ?
Description:DE What was the final thing shown on the BBC before it was shut down for the war ?
Entities:PE Who was the first controller of BBC2 ?
Description:ME What could the sun 's energy do to help limit climate change ?
Entities:PE Who attacks Link and Midna when they 've finished their collection tasks ?
Entities:DA During what century was Plymouth involved with the Atlantic slave trade ?
Quantification:TI How long was Beyonce depressed ?
Entities:OR What radio was the primary inspiration for the look of the iPod ?
Entities:OR Which car company released the first automobile interface for the iPod ?
Description:ME How will solar energy increase energy security ?
Entities:DA On what date in 2011 was the hold on Schwarzenegger 's movie projects announced ?
Entities:LO The first Glauber 's salt heating system was first used where ?
Description:DE What is the use of solar balloons typically limited to ?
Entities:PE Who did Schwarzenegger choose as Chief of Staff ?
Quantification:NU How many Plymouth residents are employed in defense ?
Entities:AW What was the music hall at Notre Dame called ?
Entities:PE Who does Scout Tease and humiliate at their house ?
List:EN What are three games , in addition to Brick , which have been included with the iPod ?
Entities:EN What is the nickname for a World Series where two New York teams play against each other ?
Description:DE What kind of security determines if files moved to a computer can be played ?
Quantification:MO What large amount did the movie Goldmember gross ?
Description:DE The children 's non-judgmental attitude gave them a greater understanding of what ?
List:PG Which two national basketball teams play in NYC ?
Entities:PE What notable football player played at Notre Dame from 1916 to 1920 ?
Quantification:NU In the period 1951-1957 , how many new houses were constructed yearly in Plymouth ?
Entities:PE Who was the Notre Dame men 's basketball coach in 2014 ?
Entities:PE Which person was a former comrade to Ted Striker in the film Airplane ! ?
Entities:PU What document suggested that county boroughs be eliminated ?
Description:DE When did most people mistakenly remember the last broadcast as having ended ?
Quantification:NU The City University of New York system consists of how many institutions ?
Description:DE What kinds of programs did Attenborough favor ?
Entities:TH What weapon can transform Link back to his original self ?
Entities:DA At which year 's Mr. Olympia contest did Schwarzenegger become the youngest person to win the title ?
Quantification:NU What was the storage capacity of the first iPod ?
Quantification:NU How many people are living in Tajikistan ?
Quantification:MO What costs will solar energy lower ?
Entities:TH What is Link 's main weapon ?
Entities:PO What movement in the '60s did the novel help spark ?
Quantification:TI Over how many years did Gurian edit the Review of Politics at Notre Dame ?
Entities:PE In the 2006 gubernatorial election , who did Schwarzenegger run against ?
Entities:DA In what year was the Main Building at Notre Dame razed in a fire ?
Quantification:NU By 2004 , how many communities were using the book as part of their reading programs ?
Entities:PE Which author did Lee aspire to be like ?
Entities:IN What is another phrase meaning hidden feature ?
Quantification:RA What minimum version of iTunes is required to transfer purchased media from an iPod to an authorized computer ?
Entities:AT What audio deficiency was found in the 3rd gen iPods ?
Entities:PE Against which opponent did Knute Rockne tell his team to win one for the Gipper ?
Quantification:MO How much of Apple 's revenue was generated by iPod purchases in Q2 of 2007 ?
Quantification:NU In the postwar period to 1964 , how many houses were built in Plymouth ?
Entities:PE Pat O'Brien portrayed which person in the film Knute Rockne ?
Entities:PE Who does Charles Lamb speculate were once children ?
Entities:LO What county did Plymouth unsuccessfully attempt to see created ?
Quantification:NU How many TVs were made between 1936 and the start of the war in 1939 ?
Entities:AB What does AI stand for ?
Entities:DA When were both audio and video first broadcasted at the same time ?
Quantification:NU About how many major professional sports teams have been based at one time or another in New York ?
Entities:DA in what year was the original iPod released ?
Quantification:NU How many state grammar schools are based in Plymouth ?
Quantification:MO What should the cost of incentives for producing solar energy be considered ?
Entities:EN What was the first film Schwarzenegger co-starred in with Sylvester Stallone ?
Entities:LO Where in Central Park are performances offered at no cost ?
Entities:PU Thomas Stritch was an editor of which publican from Notre Dame ?
Entities:LO Which city was Gavin Newsom mayor of when he said Schwarzenegger was turning Democrat ?
Entities:PE Who was the president of Notre Dame in 1879 ?
Entities:IN Both authors valued what over social standing ?
Quantification:TI How long did it take to implement riding horses in a believable manner ?
Entities:AT What was the first , hidden game included with the original iPod ?
Entities:LO Where is Dushanbe located ?
Entities:AT In what kind of folder are files located in the iPod ?
Entities:AT What part of the iPod Nano was the cause of the overheating issue ?
Entities:PE Which person portrayed Knute Rockne in the 1940 movie Knute Rockne ?
Entities:DA When was the Civic Centre built ?
Quantification:NU How many magazines can call NYC home ?
Entities:PE Which Secretary of State attended Notre Dame ?
Entities:DA On what date did Plymouth 's county status end ?
Entities:AW Mariel Zagunis is notable for winning what ?
Entities:EN What was the name of Beyoncé 's first solo album ?
Entities:EN What is a game whose enemies have more rudimentary programming than those in Twilight Princess ?
Entities:IN Where do the Zoras come from ?
Entities:LO Where did the last battle for Plymouth during the English Civil War end ?
Description:CE What effect will solar energy have on the price of fossil fuels ?
Entities:EN What 's the title of the fifth film in the Terminator franchise ?
Description:CE What slowed the development of solar technologies in the early 20th century ?
Entities:PE Which artist did Beyonce marry ?
Entities:BO What political office did people speculate Schwarzenegger might try for in 2010 ?
Entities:DA On what date was the rebuilding of The Main Building begun at Notre Dame after the fire that claimed the previous ?
Entities:PE Who were sent to replace the expelled positions ?
Selection:AL Are the Ewell 's considered rich or poor ?
Entities:EN What other games were later added to the original iPod ?
Entities:OR Which company manufactures the iPod Hi-Fi accessory ?
Entities:TE On what kind of operating system can hidden iPod files be accessed ?
Entities:PE Ronald Reagan played the role of whom in 1940 's Knute Rockne ?
Description:DE What English Heritage status does the Civic Centre possess ?
Entities:BO What body proposed that Plymouth become a unitary council ?
Entities:DA On what date did BBC return to the air after World War II ?
Description:DE What do enemies do to defeated companions ?
Entities:DA In what year was the fortification later known as Drake 's Fort constructed ?
Description:DE What does Link help Midna find ?
Quantification:NU How many pins did the Lightning connector have ?
Entities:IN What other popular music player did Apple compare their new product to ?
Entities:OR Which entity did Notre Dame hire to build a parking structure outside of Eddy Street Commons ?
Description:RE Why does the amount of usable solar energy differ from the amount near the planets surface ?
Entities:DA What year did Terminator Genisys debut ?
Description:RE Vinters have adopted solar technology to do what ?
Entities:DA According to a report in 2011 , by what year could solar energy provide a third of the world 's energy ?
Entities:PE What author claimed Schwarzenegger is power-obsessed ?
Entities:AW What did the Science Hall at Notre Dame come to be known as ?
List:AC What two factors did Lee demonstrate intensified prejudice ?
Quantification:PE What fraction of Manhattan residents have graduate degrees ?
Entities:TE In which architectural style is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart at Notre Dame made ?
Entities:SP What sport Schwarzenegger played led to a trip to the gym that sparked his love of weightlifting ?
Entities:TE What method of file recovery is used to retrieve data from the iPod ?
Entities:DA During what years was Theodor Hesburgh president of Notre Dame ?
Quantification:PE Approximately what percentage of the hard drive-based music player sales does iPod have since 2004 ?
Entities:OR What aircraft carrier received maintenance at Devonport Dockyard ?
Entities:PE To whom was John B. Kroc married ?
Entities:PE Who is the current president of Notre Dame ?
Entities:BO What European Parliamentary constitutency is Plymouth a part of ?
Entities:DA When was the Manhattan Neighborhood Network created ?
Entities:OC After her second solo album , what other entertainment venture did Beyonce explore ?
Entities:AT What feature of the enemies in Twilight Princess is more advanced ?
Entities:PE Who ambushes Link and Midna ?
Entities:IS Where was the expansion of cotton and agriculture mainly ?
Entities:PE What is the name of Apple 's hardware engineering chief who helped design the iPod ?
Entities:LO Where was the BBC 's second studio located ?
Description:RE Why does geography have an effect of the amount of solar energy available ?
Entities:DA In what year did Schwarzenegger speak at the Republican National Convention ?
Description:DE What does the Kroc Institute at Notre Dame focus on ?
Entities:PE What was the name of Harper Lee 's sister ?
Entities:DA Which year was the Laetare Medal first given out at Notre Dame ?
Entities:PE What 's Schwarzenegger 's father-in-law 's name ?
Description:DE What type of education was pushed at Notre Dame before its embracing of national standards ?
Entities:DA What year has Schwarzenegger set as the deadline for California to show a 25 % reduction in emissions ?
Entities:DA In what year did Apple face multiple intellectual property lawsuits ?
Quantification:PE What percentage of undergrads live on the Notre Dame campus ?
Quantification:PE Approximately what percentage of the overall music player market does the iPod line have ?
Entities:IN What is displayed at Zahm House for football home games at Notre Dame ?
Entities:TH Which iPod accessory was made by Apple but is no longer produced ?
Entities:DA By what year was the greater part of the army presence in Plymouth gone ?
Entities:PE Who was elected for the Sutton and Devonport constitutency in 2015 ?
Entities:PE What character was featured in the cartoon aired the day BBC broadcasting was restored ?
Entities:PG Which group did David Attenborough join while on sabbatical ?
List:PG What are some of the empires and dynasties that have also ruled over this land ?
Description:DE What does Link discover he needs to find to return to human form ?
Quantification:RA What rank did iPod achieve among various computer products in 2006 ?
Entities:OR Who manufactured the hard drives for the first iPods ?
Entities:OR Which car company first offered iPod connectivity as a standard feature on their whole product line ?
Entities:TE What is the process called that can increase solar energy in areas further away from the earth 's equator ?
Entities:EN What was the title of the anti-drug music video Schwarzenegger appeared in under the Reagan administration 's sponsorship ?
Entities:DA In what year did Notre Dame begin to host the Global Adaptation Index ?
Entities:EN Schwarzenegger shows up as the President of the United States in what 2007 animated movie ?
Entities:PE Which character helps Link get Ganondorf off of his horse ?
Entities:DA When did the military operation end in Rasht Valley ?
Entities:AC Mrs. Dubose suffers from an addiction to what ?
Entities:OR Which college did Notre Dame add in 1921 ?
Entities:TH What was the first generation of iPod Classic on which games like Mahjong and Tetris could be played ?
Description:ME What did the iPod 's US market share peak at in 2005 ?
Entities:PG What military unit is based in Plymouth ?
Entities:OR As of 2015 , what political party did all of Plymouth 's MPs belong to ?
Entities:LO What city received BBC signals starting in 1949 ?
Quantification:NU How many students in New York partcipate in higher education ?
Description:DE Through what can Link 's reaction and mood can be discerned ?
Entities:PE Who sacrifices herself to save Midna ?
Entities:OR Which company worked with Apple in creating the user interface for the iPod ?
Entities:LO At which location is the London Center operated by Notre Dame found ?
Entities:DA When did the BBC start broadcasting under the name BBC One ?
Entities:LO Where was the BBC 's transmitter located in 1930 ?
Entities:DA In what presidential election year did Schwarzenegger make a name for himself as a prominent Republican ?
Description:DE What other culutres has ruled the area ?
Entities:DA What year did Schwarzenegger become a naturalized citizen of the United States ?
Entities:PE In 1919 a new president of Notre Dame was named , who was it ?
Description:DE What did the 2005 lawsuits accuse Apple of doing ?
Entities:LO Which borough of New York hosts the US Open Tennis championships ?
Entities:TE What green technology did Schwarzenegger have installed at home to reduce his carbon footprint ?
Entities:MO What is the largest library in the United States ?
Quantification:NU After one year when To Kill a Mockingbird first came out , how many languages has it been printed in ?
List:OR What other companies were named in the suit filed by Pat-rights ?
Quantification:MO How much was Time Warner Center worth in 2006 ?
Entities:DA When did HP unveil their own edition of the iPod ?
Entities:PU In what text was the presence of a settlement in the Plymouth area first recorded ?
Entities:DA When did Beyonce start becoming popular ?
List:OR Which countries use the term chancellor to denote the head of government ?
Entities:IN What is a common name to reference the mural created by Millard Sheets at Notre Dame ?
Entities:PU Which PC magazine praised the iPod for having altered the landscape for portable audio players " ? "
List:EN What are some shows that Attenborough created with the BBC Natural History Unit ?
Entities:EN In what format were the BBC 's first new bulletins shown ?
Quantification:NU How many Grammy awards did Beyoncé win for her first solo album ?
Description:DE What does Link obtain that gives him control over his transformations ?
Description:DE What did the ceasefire guaranteed ?
Entities:LO From where does the Band of the Fighting Irish lead a march to the Notre Dame Stadium for football home games ?
Entities:EN NYC is known as the Capital of which sport ?
Entities:IN What was the name of the font used prior to the release of the iPod Mini ?
Entities:TE What is one of the most developed Concentrating Solar Power technologies ?
Description:CE What effect does cloud coverage have on the amount of solar energy available ?
Entities:PE Which candidate did Schwarzenegger appear with at a presidential campaign rally ?
Entities:AB What does DRM stand for ?
Entities:LO What was the territory of Tajikistan during the Neolithic and the Bronze Age ?
Entities:LO In what country besides the U.S. is Schwarzenegger a citizen ?
Entities:BO What type of government does Tajikistan have ?
Entities:DA What year did the Greenhouse Gas Initiative go into effect ?
Entities:DA Where did Nintendo preview the horseback riding feature ?
Quantification:MO How much money did Apple make in 2007 ?
Entities:MO What is the second largest library in the US ?
Quantification:NU Up til today , how many languages has To Kill a Mockingbird been printed in ?
Entities:LO Where exactly is Tajikistan ?
Entities:PE On whose behalf did Pat-rights take Apple to court ?
Entities:DA The first college basketball championship took place in NYC in what year ?
Entities:AB What does HP stand for ?
Entities:DA In what year was the Domesday Book compiled ?
Entities:OC What areas did Beyonce compete in when she was growing up ?
Quantification:NU How many wards in Plymouth elect two councillors ?
Entities:IN What kind of image was broadcasted by the BBC by the mid-'50s ?
Quantification:NU How many different areas does BBC One accommodate with customized broadcasting ?
Entities:LO Where does Midna take Link after he acquires the Master Sword ?
Entities:DA In what year was the 6th gen iPod Classic released ?
Description:RE Why does land availability have an effect on solar energy ?
Quantification:PE What percentage of students at Notre Dame are the children of former Notre Dame students ?
Entities:PE Who did Schwarzenegger finally endorse in the 2008 Republican primary ?
Entities:OR Those who attended a Jesuit college may have been forbidden from joining which Law School due to the curricula at the Jesuit institution ?
Description:CE Where was the cause of the power outage ?
Entities:IN What particular pollutant was Schwarzenegger addressing with his 2006 executive order ?
Entities:PE Who was Truman Capote 's father ?
Entities:IN What is the name of the library system in Queens ?
Quantification:NU How many copies has To Kill a Mockingbird sold since it first came out ?
Entities:OR Which company sued Apple for breach of a music jukebox " patent in 2005 ? "
Entities:PE To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France ?
Entities:LO In what borough is the FDNY headquartered ?
Entities:LO What country originally pulled iPods due to higher-than-allowed volume levels ?
Entities:PO What was the name of the Plymouth-area settlement recorded in the Domesday Book ?
Entities:DA When did Beyonce leave Destiny 's Child and become a solo singer ?
Quantification:NU How many members are on the Plymouth council ?
Quantification:NU On what frequency band was the BBC broadcasting in the 1950s ?
Description:RE What is the purpose of a concentrated solar power system ?
Entities:DA In which year did Apple top sales of 100,000,000 iPods ?
Entities:LO What country does Akiko Komoto come from ?
Quantification:MO Desktop computers made up how much of Apple 's revenue in the third quarter of 2007 ?
Entities:PE Who was the Mirror of Twilight used to fight prior to Zant ?
Entities:IN The 6th gen iPod Classic and 3rd gen iPod nano featured which font ?
Definition:EN What does 'TAMAR I OSTIA ' mean ?
Entities:PE There were protested as a part of the construction at Eddy Street Commons , they came due to the hiring of whom ?
Quantification:NU How many people did the Plymouth unitary authority gain between 2001 and 2011 ?
Entities:DA What years did the civil war take place ?
Description:CC What do Concentrating Solar Power technologies have in common ?
Entities:PE Which candidate withdrew from the presidential race in January of 2008 ?
Entities:PE The Notre Dame football team got a new head coach in 1918 , who was it ?
Entities:LO In what city was the SAE World Congress held in 2009 ?
List:LO Between which two nations was the Treaty of the Pyrenees signed ?
Entities:IN What is Brookly n 's public library system called ?
Quantification:NU How many copies of the book have been sold ?
Entities:TE Which Apple technology did Pat-rights complain breached their patent in a lawsuit ?
Entities:DA How many years was Knute Rockne head coach at Notre Dame ?
Entities:TH What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building ?
Quantification:NU HP-branded iPods accounted for what share of iPod purchases ?
Quantification:NU What denomination of Christianity is common in the western part of southern Europe ?
Entities:DA When did the BBC Natural History Unit come into existence ?
Entities:DA In what year was Plymouth recognized as a town ?
Entities:LO In what city and state did Beyonce grow up ?
Quantification:PE What fraction of the Plymouth council is elected each year ?
Entities:EV What was the name of the event at which the iTunes Wi-Fi store was launched ?
Entities:OR What was the name of the BBC changed to in 1960 ?
Description:DE What does Link say when attacking ?
Entities:LO Where is Ganondorf located after Zant 's defeat ?
Entities:PE After which individual was the LaFortune Center Notre Dame named ?
Entities:PE Who supervised the design and implementation of the iPod user interface ?
Entities:DA When did the BBC first change studios ?
Entities:OR Who bought the Waldorf Astoria hotel in NYC in 2014 ?
List:PG What were some of the different kindoms and people that called Tajikistan home ?
Description:DE On which two major issues did McCain and Schwarzenegger publicly agree ?
Quantification:NU What was the amount of wins Knute Rockne attained at Notre Dame while head coach ?
List:PO What article , section , and clause of the Constitution requires U.S. presidents to be natural-born citizens ?
Entities:LO What region of the U.S. has California partnered with on the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative ?
Entities:LO Along with Staten Island and the Bronx , what borough is served by the New York Public Library ?
Description:RE Why does time have an effect of the amount of available solar energy ?
Quantification:NU How many people completed the New York Marathon in 2006 ?
Entities:TH What interface component did Apple attempt to patent in 2005 ?
Description:DE What kind of terms and conditions led HP to leave the iPod market ?
Entities:LO What is the street address of NASDAQ ?
Entities:DA In what year did Parliament bestow a Charter on Plymouth ?
Entities:LO With what French city is Plymouth twinned ?
Entities:OR What was the BBC 's main competitor ?
Entities:LO Beyonce moved to which town after she left her first elementary school ?
List:EV What kind of coverage might take precedence over standard BBC programming ?
Description:DE What threat does the Global Adaptation Index study ?
Quantification:NU NYC 's fashion industry employs how many people ?
Entities:PE Whose body is used as a proxy by Ganondorf in order to fight Link ?
Entities:DA In what year was HMNB Davenport established ?
Entities:IN What software did Apple use as the basis for their iPod software ?
Quantification:MO How much money did tourism create for New York in 2014 ?
List:PG What are some of the empires and dynasties that ruled this lane ?
Entities:PG What group awarded Schwarzenegger the title of one of the 11 worst governors " in a 2010 report ? "
Quantification:TI How often are people required to remit the TV license fee ?
Entities:DA In what year did the team lead by Knute Rockne win the Rose Bowl ?
Entities:PE Who was the first record label to give the girls a record deal ?
Entities:OR In 2013 , what newspaper claimed Schwarzenegger was considering a presidential campaign ?
Description:RE Why was there concerns in 2010 ?
List:IN What type of educational institute is Hesburgh given credit for creating at Notre Dame ?
Entities:PU Public figure 's impressions of the novel were formed into a book called what ?
Entities:DA When was the most recent superbowl held in NYC for football ?
Entities:DA When did Apple receive a decision on its attempt to patent rotational user inputs ?
Entities:PE Who was Chief Financial Officer of Apple in July of 2009 ?
Definition:EN What is the Grotto at Notre Dame ?
Entities:DA Jazz became popular during which decade in NYC ?
Entities:PE Which person oversaw the creation of a science hall at Notre Dame in 1883 ?
Entities:PE Who was the first woman MP to take her seat in the British Parliament ?
Entities:DA On what date was the first TV show seen in the UK ?
Entities:PG In what R&B group was she the lead singer ?
Entities:DA In what year did Plymouth twin with Plymouth in the United States ?
Entities:PE What notable slave trader was based out of Plymouth ?
Entities:EN What was the name of Beyoncé 's second solo album ?
Entities:PE What character has the most voice acting ?
Entities:DA In what year was Croatia admitted to the European Union ?
Description:ME What allows Link to switch between his two forms ?
Entities:LO What country lies to Tajikistans east ?
Description:DE Even though Tajikistan has freedom of the press , what is the problem with it ?
Description:ME How does Link express emotions ?
Entities:OR Michael Dorf is a law professor at what school ?
Quantification:MO What was the price per square foot of 450 Park Avenue when it sold in July 2007 ?
Entities:TH What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame ?
Entities:DA When was the season finale of Idol ?
Entities:LO For what constituency was Nancy Astor elected ?
Entities:EN What album made her a worldwide known artist ?
Entities:TH What monarch bestowed the first Lord Mayor on Plymouth ?
Entities:DA When did BBC Japan begin broadcasting ?
Entities:OC What was Beyoncé 's first acting job , in 2006 ?
Quantification:NU How many incoming students did Notre Dame admit in fall 2015 ?
Description:RE For what reason is Plymouth Sound a Site of Special Scientific Interest ?
Entities:PG What is the name of a Scottish soap opera ?
Entities:EN What reality series was awarded a BAFTA in 2005 ?
Entities:LO What is the only known gateway between Twilight Realm & Hyrule ?
Entities:DA In what year did the initial degrees get handed out at Notre Dame ?
Entities:DA In what year was a special edition of the iPod produced ?
Quantification:NU About how many hotel rooms are there in Manhattan ?
Quantification:TI What years did the war last through ?
Quantification:RA What was Schwarzenegger 's approval rating on the day his time in office ended ?
Description:DE What is not tolerated by the government in respect to media ?
Entities:AW What title did Thomas Blantz have at Notre Dame ?
Entities:PU What book compiled Adults ' impressions and their impressions as children about the novel ?
Entities:PE Who was the president of Notre Dame in 1934 ?
Entities:PU What was the name of the patent over which Creative asserted its ownership ?
Entities:DA When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing ?
Entities:PG What Women 's National Basketball Association team is based in New York ?
Entities:PO What was the name of the cultural development that defined the black American literary canon ?
Entities:DA On what date did Plymouth become a city ?
Entities:IN What is another name for Scout 's pink cotton penitentiary ?
Entities:PE Who managed the Destiny 's Child group ?
Quantification:NU How many councillors choose the Lord Mayor ?
Entities:OR What was the first station launched after the original BBC ?
List:LO Middle Devonian limestone exists between Plymstock and what location ?
Quantification:PE What was the percentage increase in the Broadway ticket revenue from 2012-3 to 2013-4 ?
Entities:LA What language does BBC Scotland provide programming for ?
Description:CE What caused the move of BBC Television into the BBC VIsion unit ?
Entities:LO What parliamentary constitutency was represented by Johnny Mercer ?
Entities:DA When did Tajiks start being part of the Soviet Army ?
Description:DE What was the controversy around Schwarzenegger 's first gubernatorial campaign nicknamed ?
Entities:EV What is not covered by local media ?
Quantification:AG Schwarzenegger became a millionaire by what age ?
Entities:DA In what year did Notre Dame have its earliest undergraduate that was female ?
Entities:PE Who chastised Scout for the way she dresses and accuses her of ruining her family name ?
Entities:DA In what century did Plymouth cease to be a vital trading port ?
Entities:BO From which entity did Creative request an investigation into Apple importing their devices to the US ?
Quantification:TI How often is Notre Dame 's the Juggler published ?
Entities:PE Who decided to place Beyonce 's group in Star Search the talent show ?
Entities:IN What musical style was prominent in New York in the 1940s ?
Quantification:MO What dollar amount of chocolate does New York export annually ?
Entities:DA In what year did Plymouth receive its first Lord Mayor ?
Entities:LO In what city did Beyonce grow up ?
Entities:PG What officeholder selects the Deputy Lord Mayor ?
Entities:OR What was the third network started in the UK ?
Entities:OR Work on a germ-free-life ended up in the creation of which Notre Dame institute ?
Entities:LO What location north of the city possesses granite ?
Entities:PO What is a well-known Gaelic program ?
Entities:DA In what year did Parliament pass a notable law that led to the building of fortifications in Plymouth ?
Description:RE What is a reason why the water from a water stabilisation pond may be unusable ?
Entities:DA When did the BBC start exploring the use of internet streaming ?
Entities:TH What color was the metal on the U2 version of the iPod ?
Entities:PE Who was the first person to speak on BBC when it was turned back on following World War II ?
Entities:AB What does the acronym NCAA stand for ?
Quantification:RA What version of iTunes contained the leaked photos of new iPod colors ?
List:TE What are some techniques used to improve crop production ?
Quantification:NU How many Tajik troops fought against Germany , Finland and Japan during WWII ?
Quantification:NU How many women spoke out publicly about misconduct on Schwarzenegger 's part ?
Quantification:NU There are how many dorms for females at Notre Dame ?
Definition:EN What access is blocked ?
Entities:OC Tomboy Scout grows up tto become what ?
Entities:OR With what institute did Notre Dame agree to an exchange program in the 1960s ?
Entities:PE Atticus Finch is a model of what for legal professionals ?
Entities:EN Independent Women Part I was on which 2000 film 's soundtrack ?
Entities:AT What interface feature did Apple unsuccessfully try to patent ?
Entities:OR What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called ?
Entities:PG Who restored Persian control of the region ?
Entities:TE What artistic style was prominent in New York in the 1950s ?
Entities:SP A version of baseball played in city streets was nicknamed was in the 1930s ?
Entities:PO What parish was incorporated into Plymouth in 1967 ?
Entities:EN What was the name of Beyonce 's first solo album ?
Entities:PE Who is the current Lord Mayor of Plymouth ?
Entities:LO What city department runs the public school system ?
Description:CE What prevented BBC2 from broadcasting on its scheduled launch date ?
Entities:TH What river was used to ferry granite from Dartmoor to Plymouth ?
Entities:EN What is the name of a show from Northern Ireland broadcast all over the United Kingdom ?
Entities:DA By what year is solar power expected to become the world 's greatest source of electricity ?
Entities:TH What does Ganondorf transform into ?
Quantification:SI How large in square feet is the LaFortune Center at Notre Dame ?
Entities:IN What type of media was included with purchase of the U2 version of the iPod ?
Entities:TH What was the latest version of iTunes as of mid-2015 ?
Quantification:PE What percent of Tajiks were killed during the war ?
Entities:OR Which newspaper broke the story about Schwarzenegger 's alleged sexual misconduct ?
Entities:LO What is the smalled nation in the Central Asia area ?
Entities:AC What natural disaster in 1971 contributed to the success of Schwarzenegger 's business ?
Entities:DA During what years was Edward Malloy president of Notre Dame ?
Entities:DA What year was a statue of Atticus build in Alabama ?
Quantification:NU How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame ?
Entities:IN What was the name of the new musical style that emerged from New York in the 1970s ?
Quantification:NU In 2012 , how many investment banking fees were paid out to Wall Street ?
Entities:DA Which decade did hip hop start to surface in NYC ?
Entities:DA On what date was Beyonce born ?
Entities:IN Which program at Notre Dame offers a Master of Education degree ?
Entities:LO At what street address is the Lord Mayor 's residence located ?
Entities:OR Time magazine named her one of the most 100 what people of the century ?
Entities:PE Which of her teachers discovered Beyonce 's musical talent ?
Entities:LO Along with West Hoe and Radford , where was Middle Devonian limestone quarried in the region ?
Description:DE How much of its programming must the BBC obtain from other content producers ?
Quantification:NU How many undergrads were attending Notre Dame in 2014 ?
Entities:DA When is solar power is foreseen to become the largest source of electricity ?
Entities:EN As of early 2016 , what BBC show has been sold outside of the country the most times ?
List:OR What two companies use the AAC format for music files ?
Entities:LO Where is the largest solar power plant in the world located ?
Entities:PG Of what band did Apple present a special edition iPod 5G ?
Entities:AN According to Miss Maudie , which bird is never harmful ?
Quantification:NU How many tourists that visited NYC in 2014 broke the record ?
Entities:OR What publication ranked New York first in the 2013 American Cities of the Future rankings ?
Description:CC What was not developing as fast as other Soviet Republics ?
Entities:TH One woman accused Schwarzenegger of trying to remove what item of clothing ?
Entities:TH What mountian range runs through Tajikistan ?
Quantification:MO How much did Schwarzenegger pay for the first apartment building he bought ?
Quantification:TI Over how many years did the change to national standards undertaken at Notre Dame in the early 20th century take place ?
Quantification:NU What was the SAT score , on average , at Notre Dame when Edward Malloy became president ?
Entities:PG Harper Lee was given a membership to what in 2008 ?
Entities:PG Along what the New York Jets , what NFL team is based in New York ?
Entities:DA When did Creative and Apple come to an agreement over their intellectual property issues ?
Entities:DA In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame ?
Entities:LO The fashion capital of the world is what city in the US ?
Entities:AC The novel explores various forms of what trait ?
Entities:DA When did Beyoncé release her first solo album ?
Entities:LO From where was the first TV show in the UK broadcasted ?
Entities:AB What is Beyonce 's full name ?
Entities:PE Who gave the Lord Mayor 's official residence to Plymouth ?
Quantification:NU How many high schools for gifted students does New York City have ?
Entities:OR Which magazine declared her the most dominant woman musician ?
Entities:TH What local stone was used in the construction of many Plymouth buildings ?
Entities:EN What is a popular American show that was shown on the BBC ?
Entities:LO The largest solar power plant in the world is located in what desert ?
Quantification:NU How many sales of Keeping Up Appearances have been made to non-British buyers ?
Entities:TH What color was the special U2 iPod model ?
Entities:DA In what year did the Suffolk Street location start to house a Notre Dame facility ?
Quantification:TI About how many days a year in Plymouth are over 77 °F ?
Entities:LO Where is Royal and Western Infirmaries located ?
Quantification:MO What was the 2015 assessed value of all the property in New York ?
Entities:EN What was the title of the first show seen on the BBC ?
Description:CC How were the different factions distinguished from eachother ?
Entities:OR What magazine published an interview quoting Schwarzenegger calling marijuana a leaf" ? "
Entities:LO Where did Notre Dame students and the KKK have their encounter ?
Entities:OR What restaurant chain did Schwarzenegger invest in ?
Quantification:NU When Malloy became president of Notre Dame what was the size of the endowment ?
Entities:OR Which new regime appeared in the Balkan region during the Late Middle Ages ?
Description:DE What did the Alabama State Bar bestow on Lee in 2008 ?
Quantification:MO How much money did Apple have to pay to Creative as a result of their agreement ?
Entities:AT What part of audio output was substandard on 3rd generation iPods ?
Entities:LO Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross ?
Entities:EN One of the biggest fashion shows in the world is named what in New York ?
Entities:PE Who did Waldemar Gurian receive his tutelage under while seeking his doctorate ?
Entities:DA When did Beyoncé rise to fame ?
Entities:LO On what street is the Civic Centre office building located ?
Entities:DA In which decade did the Recording Industry Association of America recognize Beyonce as the The Top Certified Artist ?
Entities:DA On what date was the publication of the Plan for Plymouth ?
Entities:EN What is a television show from Australia that was shown on the BBC ?
Entities:PE Who was the leader of BBC Television in 2006 ?
Entities:DA Less than 1 % of the world 's total grid electricity was generated by solar energy in what year ?
Entities:DA When were there many struggles for independence or overthrowing prevailing governments ?
Quantification:MO What is the annual revenue of the food processing industry ?
Entities:DA In what year did apple release the special U2 model of the iPod ?
Entities:TE What kind of headphones could partially mitigate the bass response issues of the 3rd gen iPods ?
Quantification:PE What was the percentage increase of Manhattan hotel rooms between 2013 and 2014 ?
Entities:DI What drug does the documentary Pumping Iron show Schwarzenegger using ?
Entities:PE Which person became vice-president of Notre Dame in 1933 ?
Entities:DA When did Schwarzenegger withdraw from involvement with Planet Hollywood ?
Entities:DA When Malloy reached the end of his time as president how much annuals funding for research did Notre Dame have ?
Entities:DA To Kill a Mockingbird was first studied in American schools in what year ?
Entities:LO Where did the word Tajik come from ?
Entities:IN What program did Creative join in order to make iPod peripherals ?
Entities:IN What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross ?
Entities:IN By what other name is abstract expressionism known ?
Entities:PE The Closer I get to You was recorded with which artist ?
Quantification:NU Approximately how many total iPods had been sold by late 2009 ?
Entities:DA When was the New York Daily News founded ?
Entities:PE What role did Beyoncé have in Destiny 's Child ?
Entities:DA In what month and year did the Civic Centre municipal office building become a listed building ?
Entities:OR What magazine rated Beyonce as the most powerful female musician in 2015 ?
Entities:PE Who wrote the Plan for Plymouth ?
Entities:LO In what borough is the National Tennis Center located ?
Entities:IN What kind of service was Ceefax ?
Entities:TH What is the largest solar power plant in the world ?
Entities:PE Who is the moral center of the novel ?
Entities:DA When did the Pilgrim Fathers depart Plymouth ?
Entities:AT To what part of his body does Link deliver the killing blow to Ganondorf ?
Entities:OR Apple was involved in a lawsuit with which company in 2007 ?
Entities:LO Where can people who speak Catalan be found ?
Entities:TH What is an example of a device that could entirely mitigate the bass response issues of the 3rd gen iPods ?
Entities:PE Who came into power in 1992 ?
Entities:DA When did Beyonce take a hiatus in her career and take control of her management ?
Entities:PE Who sued Schwarzenegger and two of his employees for libel , settling in 2006 ?
Quantification:SI What area is under sea level ?
Entities:OR What other successful theme restaurant chain was Planet Hollywood modeled on ?
Quantification:NU The amount of professors at Notre Dame increased by what amount under Malloy ?
Entities:IN What 's the name of the program by which 3rd parties sell iPod accessories ?
Quantification:RA The American Library Associated ranked To Kill a Mockingbird where on its most frequently challenged books of 2000-2009 ?
Quantification:MO How much did Apple pay to Creative Technologies to settle their 2006 suit ?
Entities:TH What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame ?
Entities:EV What is the name of the prominent fashion event that occurs in New York ?
Entities:EN Which 2005 movie featured Schwarzenegger as himself ?
Entities:EN What was the first album Beyoncé released as a solo artist ?
Entities:PE Who provided the basis for Midna 's voice ?
Quantification:MO What did Plymouth council estimate the cost to refurbish the Civic Centre municipal office building to be ?
Description:ME How did Beyonce describe herself as a feminist ?
Quantification:TI Around what time did Lobund of Notre Dame become independent ?
Entities:LO What street was intended to connect Plymouth Hoe to the railroad station ?
Entities:DA When was Ceefax launched ?
Description:ME How do the BBC 's non-domestic channels generate revenue ?
Quantification:MO How much did Verizon spend on fiber optic upgrades in New York City ?
Entities:PE Who previously applied for a patent for an iPod-like device ?
Entities:EV Which league did Notre Dame Fighting Irish teams participate in in 1982 ?
Quantification:MO What was the price per square meter of 660 Madison Avenue in June 2007 ?
Entities:TE What did French and English farmers do during the Little Ice Age to gain more solar energy ?
Description:RE Why did more than half a million people flee ?
Entities:EN What movie was Schwarzenegger promoting when the alleged incident took place ?
Entities:AW Irvin Abell was given what award by Notre Dame ?
Entities:OR What investment firm does Schwarzenegger maintain partial ownership of ?
Entities:PU What publication lauded the iPod for enabling people to listen to thousands of songs on a portable player ?
Entities:DA When did John Jenkins become the president of Notre Dame ?
Entities:DA In what year did the book become a subject of classroom study ?
Entities:PE Which of Schwarzenegger 's bodybuilding idols died in 2000 ?
Entities:SP What sport do the New York Rangers play ?
Entities:PE What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame ?
Entities:DA When did Beyoncé release Dangerously in Love ?
Quantification:TI How often did MacInTouch discover iPods stopped working , according to their survey ?
Entities:TH What is the modern replacement for Ceefax ?
Entities:TH What are the largest photovoltaic solar power plants ?
Entities:DA When did BBC Vision change back to BBC Television ?
Quantification:NU How many restaurants are there in NYC ?
Entities:LO In what country did Kane Kramer apply for his patent ?
Quantification:NU What frequency band was used by the BBC starting in 1936 ?
Entities:AT What component was to blame for the weak bass of the 3rd generation iPod ?
Entities:PE Who was stationed along the boarder ?
Entities:DA Which year did To Kill a Mockingbird win the Pulitzer Prize ?
Entities:PU What paper did Richardson claim was used by Schwarzenegger 's publicist and aide to discredit her ?
Definition:EN What does Tajikistan mean ?
Entities:DA In which years did Time rate Beyonce in the 100 most influential people in the world ?
Entities:LO What city hosts Arnold 's Sports Festival each year ?
Quantification:RA In terms of the amount of presidents Notre Dame has had , where is John Jenkins on the list ?
Quantification:RA According to The American Library Association , what rank did the book have among the most frequently challenged books from 2000 to 2009 ?
Quantification:MO What share of the US digital music player market does iPod hold ?
Entities:DA The Broadway Musical began in what decade ?
Entities:OR What is the condition for third parties using the dock connector ?
Quantification:NU How many members of Parliament represent Plymouth ?
Entities:OR Which church was Beyonce a member and soloist in the choir ?
Entities:IN What type of school was Parker Elementary School ?
Description:CE What does Ganondorf crush ?
Entities:DA When was the start of the period known as the Renaissance ?
Entities:DA In what year did Kane Kramer apply for his patent ?
Quantification:NU How many tourists visited NYC in 2013 ?
Entities:IN What acoustic element could be distorted by different audio settings in iPods prior to 2007 ?
Entities:LO Where have French Troops been stationed since September 11 , 2001 ?
Entities:DA What year did Austria outlaw the death penalty ?
Entities:PE Who does Midna teleport ?
Entities:PE For whose glory did Father O'Hara believed that the Notre Dame football team played ?
Entities:OR What 's the name of Schwarzenegger 's film production company ?
Entities:PE Who is the prime minister of Tajikistan ?
Description:DE What did the Jadidists establish themselves as in the late 19th century ?
Entities:DA When was the first major controversy that surfaced from the book ?
Entities:MO What stadium do the New York Jets call home ?
Entities:DA When did iPod become the leader in digital music device sales ?
Quantification:NU How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame ?
Entities:PG What is the Eastern Roman Empire in the Middle Ages called by contemporary scholars ?
Entities:PU Which magazine placed the iPod on its Best of the Decade list for the 00's ?
Quantification:NU How many lines made up the picture on Britain 's earliest TV broadcasts ?
Entities:PE Who was rumored to have written the book instead of Lee ?
Entities:LO The River Tamar is the boundary between Devon and what other county ?
Quantification:NU How many records did Beyoncé sell as part of Destiny 's Child ?
Entities:IN What Köppen climate classification does Plymouth possess ?
Entities:TH What was the name of the satellite from which the BBC 's signal was sent ?
Entities:DA In what year was the crystalline silicon solar cell constructed ?
Entities:TH What does Midna destroy ?
Entities:TH What did Kane Kramer call the device for which he wanted a patent ?
Entities:OR What was Notre Dame 's first college ?
Entities:OR The previous record beaten by Park Avenue was for what real estate ?
Entities:PE Which members of British royalty were seen on the BBC in May of 1937 ?
Entities:TH What river is to the west of Plymouth ?
Entities:PE Who directed the purges of Soviets ?
Entities:PE Where is the main base for the Tajikistan air force ?
Entities:PE Which member of Austrian parliament wanted Schwarzenegger to lose his Austrian citizenship ?
Quantification:NU Around the time that Rev. Cavanaugh became president of Notre Dame by how much did the undergrad student body of Notre Dame increase ?
Entities:OR What renowned publishing company partners with Schwarzenegger in Fitness Publications ?
Entities:TH Which arena was constructed under Jenkins at Notre Dame ?
Entities:OR What company did Beyoncé 's father work for when she was a child ?
Entities:EV What event in the novel was heavily criticized for being a plot device ?
Quantification:MO How much of the market did iPod claim as of January 2007 ?
Quantification:NU Of the top 10 zip codes with the most expensive housing prices in the United States , how many are in Manhattan ?
Entities:DA In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed ?
Entities:OR Along with Broadway , what New York thoroughfare is associated with Broadway musicals ?
Entities:IN What period of music did the iPod help bring to a close ?
Entities:TH In what body of water do the rivers Plym and Tamar meet ?
Quantification:NU After leaving Destiny 's Child , how many records did Beyoncé release under her own name ?
Entities:OR What major retailer sold HP-branded iPod devices ?
Quantification:TE In degrees Fahrenheit , what is Plymouth 's annual mean temperature ?
Quantification:AG At what age did Beyonce meet LaTavia Robertson ?
Description:DE What has happened to photovoltaic in the past 20 years ?
Entities:PE Which individual began a library at Notre Dame ?
Entities:OR What patent holding company sued Apple in 2007 ?
Entities:DA When did the Royal Naval Engineering College shut its doors in Plymouth ?
Entities:OR What is the popular name of New York 's advertising industry ?
Quantification:MO With the help of strong iPod sales , how much profit did they turn in 2007 ?
Entities:PE Who owns the Waldorf Astoria ?
Description:RE Why do US troops visit Tajikistan every so often ?
Entities:DA What date marked the first law restricting greenhouse gas emissions ?
Entities:DA When was the region under Tibetan empire and the CHinese ?
Entities:TH What 's the name of the restaurant Schwarzenegger opened with his wife ?
Entities:DA When was the uprising against the Khanate of Kokand ?
Description:DE Schwarzenegger 's initial divorce petition failed to provide for attorney 's fee reimbursement and what other condition of divorce ?
Entities:PE Which individual offered land to Father Edward Sorin ?
Entities:PE Who is revealed as the true ruler of Twilight Realm ?
Entities:LO Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college ?
Entities:LA What language is used in Macedonia ?
Entities:PG What did Germanic people create in place of the Western Roman Empire ?
Entities:PE Which artist was associated with Beyoncé 's premiere solo recording ?
Entities:SP It is one of only five areas to contain two teams of what sport ?
Entities:PE Harper Lee 's mother 's maiden name was what ?
Entities:DA When did Plymstock join the unitary authority of Plymouth ?
Quantification:NU How many Grammy awards has Beyoncé won ?
Entities:DA What month in Plymouth has the lowest temperatures ?
Entities:PE What was the name of Beyoncé 's first dance instructor ?
Definition:EN What is a solar cell ?
Entities:EV At what event was a potential follow-up to The Wind Waker mentioned ?
Entities:PE What was the name of the previously-patented music player from 1981 ?
Entities:DA iPods released before what year had issues with distorted bass ?
Description:DE If Link is not moving , where will he put the projectile he 's carrying ?
Quantification:NU How many solider were killed in September when Islamic militants escaped ?
Entities:EN Which album was darker in tone from her previous work ?
Quantification:RA On which generation of iPod Nano can games be played ?
Entities:AW What is O'Shaughnessy Hall of Notre Dame formerly known as ?
Quantification:NU What was the total worldwide energy consumption in 2012 ?
Entities:AN Symbolically , killing a mockingbird is killing what according to Edwin Bruell ?
Entities:PG Which congregation is in charge of the Old College at Notre Dame ?
Entities:PE What actress claimed she also carried on an affair with Schwarzenegger while he was with Shriver ?
Quantification:NU How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering ?
Quantification:PE What percentage of Apples revenue in 1Q08 came from iPods , more than doubling the percentage of notebook sales ?
Entities:TH What type of connector was originally required to upload songs or recharge the iPod ?
Entities:IN What did the iPod promote that prompted a big change in the music industry ?
Entities:AW Which prize did Frederick Buechner create ?
List:PE Who are Scout 's two primary female models ?
Entities:LO Which parts of the UK have more control over their BBC broadcasts ?
Entities:TH What estuary east of Plymouth is part of the River Plym ?
Entities:PU What magazine named Beyoncé as the most powerful female musician for 2015 ?
Quantification:SI Up to how many centimeters of snow fell on Plymouth between 17 and 19 December 2010 ?
Entities:LO With the right tools , what area could get free BBC broadcasts from Astra 2D ?
Entities:PE Who created the first solar cell ?
Entities:IN What was the genre of BBC Japan ?
Entities:PO Near which settlement were Palmerston forts built in the 1860s ?
Entities:PE Who was the holder of the previous patent for the plastic music box " ? "
Description:CE What EQ settings were known to have issues with bass distortion ?
Description:RE What was the purpose of the fruit walls built by French and English farmers ?
Entities:LO Where is the Chocolate District " located ? "
Entities:PE Which president did Notre Dame have in 1947 ?
Entities:EV Reader 's Digest included To Kill a Mockingbird in what program of theirs ?
Entities:OR Which major university began issuing iPods to all incoming freshmen starting in 2004 ?
Entities:TH What structure is found on the location of the original church of Father Sorin at Notre Dame ?
Entities:IN What word describes an aortic valve with two rather than three leaflets ?
Entities:DA What year did Schwarzenegger 's brother die ?
Entities:DA The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame ?
Quantification:NU About how many cultural and artistic organizations are in New York City ?
Entities:TE What technological development led resulted in elaborate stage productions ?
Description:RE What is the reason for the UNO 's division into regions ?
Entities:IN The ease of collecting singles with the iPod and iTunes is credited with ending what era " in pop music ? "
Entities:DA When did the Plymouth Breakwater open ?
Entities:TH Which Apple device has the ability to sync with iTunes via the phone network ?
Entities:PG Beyonce 's younger sibling also sang with her in what band ?
Entities:DA Along with August , what is typically the hottest month in Plymouth ?
Entities:EN What choir did Beyoncé sing in for two years ?
Entities:PE Who created the first solar cell using silver selenide in place of copper oxide ?
Entities:DA What 's Arnold Schwarzenegger 's birth date ?
Quantification:NU How many halls are at Notre Dame that house students ?
Entities:PE Who came up with the name for Apple 's portable mp3 player ?
Entities:TH To the east of Plymouth lies which river ?
Entities:PE Who wrote the only book length - biography of Harper Lee ?
Quantification:TI For how many years was Plymouth under siege during the English Civil War ?
Entities:OR With Interpublic Group , what company has a combined annual revenue of roughly US$ 21 billion ?
Quantification:TI How many weeks did To Kill a Mockingbird remain on the bestsellers list when it won the Pulitzer Prize ?
Entities:IN What is another term for Greek ?
Entities:LO Where is Link working as a ranch hand ?
Entities:OR Outside of an institute studying animals , what other institute did Cavanugh create at Notre Dame ?
Quantification:NU How many records has Beyonce sold in her 19 year career ?
Entities:DA What year did Schwarzenegger sell Schatzi on Main ?
Description:RE What did they go to war against Bolshevick ?
Entities:IN What term was used in some countries to describe select universities that focus on technological education in applied science and engineering ?
Entities:DA Schwarzenegger underwent heart valve replacement in what year ?
Entities:OR In 1899 Notre Dame formed which college ?
Entities:BO What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame ?
Entities:DA From what year did iPod purchases begin to continuously decline ?
Quantification:NU How many parks exist in Plymouth ?
Entities:OR Who was the previous overseer of the London interbank offered rate ?
Entities:IN Which department at Notre Dame is the only one to not offer a PhD program ?
Entities:LO What island is present in Plymouth Sound ?
Entities:DA When did the BBC say it would start using a satellite to transit its signal ?
Entities:LO Which countries initiated the Age of Exploration following the Reconquista ?
Description:RE Along with convection , what provokes rain in the Plymouth area ?
Entities:AC On what service were some shows removed as a result of issues over rights ?
Quantification:NU How many teams participate in the Notre Dame Bookstore Basketball tournament ?
Entities:PE Who created the crystalline silicon solar cell ?
Entities:PE What 's Arnold Schwarzenegger 's middle name ?
Quantification:NU How many restaurants is New York home to ?
Entities:PE In the 1880s , who constructed the first solar cell ?
Entities:OC What was Vinnie Chieco 's profession ?
Entities:PE Who headed the team that created the 'Vision for Plymouth' ?
Entities:IS In what markets did 6th gen iPods limit the highest volume of the player ?
Entities:PE Who was the first governor of California who had been born in a foreign country ?
Quantification:NU How many people in Spain and Gibraltar are Spanish speakers ?
Quantification:TI What was the lifespan of Theodore Hesburgh ?
Entities:DA In what year did Schwarzenegger and Maria Shriver separate ?
List:PE Who are the Deputy Prime Ministers ?
Entities:PE Who helped Beyoncé overcome her depression during the years following the Destiny 's Child split ?
Entities:PE Which individual painted the inside of the Basilica of the Sacred Heart at Notre Dame ?
Entities:PU What other book did Mark Childress compare it to ?
Entities:AT Which iPod component did Apple somewhat inconveniently made non-replaceable ?
Entities:OR On which university did Notre Dame base its curriculum on ?
Quantification:NU How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame ?
Entities:AC What was the name of another activity like the Crusades occuring on the Iberian peninsula ?
Entities:TH The 3rd generation of which iPod model had its controls only on the earphone cable ?
Entities:PE Which person has the most spoken dialogue in the game ?
Quantification:NU How many professional baseball teams are located in New York ?
Entities:PG New York City 's women 's basketball team is called what ?
List:MO Which two sports stadiums of New York City were featured on US stamps ?
Entities:LO To where are the loyal sons in Notre Dame Fight Song marching ?
Quantification:SI How large is the Unitary Authority of Plymouth in square miles ?
Entities:PG What race was Beyonce 's father ?
Entities:IN Along with winter , in what season are Atlantic depressions most prevalent ?
List:OR What are two specific broadcasts suspended on Sky Digital ?
Description:DE In all the different CSP systems , concentrated sunlight is used to heat what ?
Entities:TH Which type of iPod storage proved more reliable than hard drive storage ?
Quantification:NU How many terms did Schwarzenegger serve as California 's governor ?
Entities:EN What film inspired the name of the iPod ?
List:OR The Two highest advertising agencies in the world located in NYC are called what ?
Entities:DA When did the BBC cease broadcasts due to World War II ?
Quantification:NU In the time that Hesburgh was president of Notre Dame by what factor did the operating budget increase ?
Quantification:NU What was the price tag for the private jet Schwarzenegger bought in 1997 ?
Entities:LO What is the street address of the New York Fire Department headquarters ?
Entities:DA In what year was the Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes at Notre Dame constructed ?
Entities:TH What bone did Schwarzenegger break while on a ski trip in 2006 ?
Quantification:NU How many BA majors does the College of Arts and Letters at Notre Dame offer ?
Entities:MO Which building has the highest market value in NYC ?
Entities:AC What was created at Notre Dame in 1962 to assist first year students ?
Entities:PG What empire was destroyed by the Sack of Constantinople ?
Entities:OR The school known as Notre Dame is known by a more lengthy name , what is it ?
Entities:PE Who provides helpful information to Link ?
Entities:TH What is an item that owners of iPods may also purchase ?
Quantification:SI In meters , what is the highest point in the Plymouth Unitary Authority ?
Entities:IN Beyonce 's childhood home believed in what religion ?
Entities:LO Where is the fire department 's training academy located ?
Quantification:SI About how many inches of rain fall on Plymouth every year ?
Entities:DA When was the 50th anniversary of BBC news broadcasted ?
Description:DE What do Concentrating Solar Power systems use ?
Entities:LO What was the specific area of gameplay that had not been done in Ocarina of Time ?
Entities:LO What is the name of the location cited by Ptolemy that is believed to have been located near modern Plymouth ?
Entities:PE Who is Beyoncé married to ?
Entities:DA In what year was Rome conquered ?
Entities:PE Who first trademarked the iPod name ?
Entities:LO In what country did Apple have to recall iPods ?
Quantification:NU What was the size of the Notre Dame endowment when Theodore Hesburgh became president ?
Entities:DA In what year did Schwarzenegger 's former girlfriend Barbara Outland Baker publish her memoir ?
Entities:LO In 1924 , what was created as part of Uzbekistan ?
Definition:EN What does the suffix -stan mean ?
Entities:PE Which president at Notre Dame created the College of Science ?
Entities:OR Which organization declared the First Year of Studies program at Notre Dame outstanding ? " "
Entities:LA What do people speak in Bulgaria ?
Entities:IN What era was characterized by turmoil in Europe ?
Entities:OR Discrepancy in what spec brought about a class action suit against Apple in 2003 ?
Entities:LO What is the name of the city 's public television service ?
Entities:OC What special designation does Plymouth Sound , Shores and Cliffs possess ?
Entities:OR Beyonce 's father worked as a sales manager for what company ?
Entities:DA Along with March , what month has the fastest winds on average ?
Entities:TH Which part of his body did Schwarzenegger work to develop with Coach Bennett ?
Entities:IN On what form of media was a retrospective of the BBC 's news broadcasts released to commemorate its 50th anniversary ?
Description:DE What is the heat generated from a Concentrating Solar Power system used for ?
Entities:PE Who was the Notre Dame president that preceded John Jenkins ?
Quantification:NU How many times was Schwarzenegger awarded the Mr. Olympia title ?
Entities:TH The hotel that sold for the most money in 2014 was which in NYC ?
Entities:AW Which bodybuilding title did Schwarzenegger call his ticket to America " ? "
Entities:DA In what year was Apple given rights to the iPod name ?
Quantification:NU What is the highest volume output level of European 6th-generation iPods ?
Entities:PE Which attorney did Schwarzenegger consult to handle his divorce ?
Entities:EN After what movie portraying Etta James , did Beyonce create Sasha Fierce ?
Description:DE What did Baker say Schwarzenegger did n't understand when she first met him ?
Entities:DA In what year did the student union building at Notre Dame get renamed to LaFortune Center ?
Entities:LO At what airport was Schwarzenegger 's jet forced to make an emergency landing in 2009 ?
Description:RE Why do agriculture and horticulture seek to make the most use of the solar energy captured ?
Entities:DA In what year was the Notre Dame College of Science formed ?
Entities:DA The granting of Doctorate degrees first occurred in what year at Notre Dame ?
Entities:DI What disease plagued Europe during the Late Middle Ages ?
Quantification:RA In which generation did iPod start providing compatibility with USB ?
Entities:LO From where did Anton-Hermann Chroust come to reach Notre Dame ?
Quantification:TI How many hours of real-time battery life did the 5th-generation iPod test at , compared to its advertised 14 hours ?
Entities:PE Who hosts shows on BBC broadcasts outside of England ?
Entities:TH What stones form the headlands near Plymouth Sound ?
Entities:OR Beyonce 's mother worked in what industry ?
Entities:IN In which direction were the buildings built by the Greeks and Chinese facing ?
Entities:IN From what direction do most of the winds blow on Plymouth ?
Entities:DA In what year did Beyonce 's father quit his job to manage her group ?
Entities:DA In what year did Drake battle the Spanish Armada ?
Entities:OR What is the name of the independent school in Plymouth ?
Entities:PG Who took control of the regin in 710 ?
Entities:EN For which film from 1982 did Schwarzenegger first gain fame ?
Entities:LO Where were the first modern greenhouses built ?
Entities:EV Which competition did Schwarzenegger go AWOL to participate in ?
Quantification:NU The technology sector of work in NYC has how many employees in its service ?
Entities:EN What movie inspired the iPod name ?
Entities:LO Which city 's mayor initiated a reading program with the book ?
Entities:LO In what borough is the garment business prominent ?
Entities:LO When were the first greenhouses used ?
Entities:DA Paperback of the Year award from Bestsellers magazine was awarded when ?
Quantification:NU On how many sides of the Lightning connector are the pins located ?
Entities:DA Which was the first year since iPod 's introduction that no new model was released ?
Entities:PG Who took control of the regin in 710 ?
Quantification:MO How much of Apple 's revenue resulted from purchases of laptop computers in Q1 2008 ?
Entities:EV What historical event did Baker and Schwarzenegger watch on TV together on their first date ?
Description:DE What happeded between 1927-1934 ?
Quantification:SI How tall does Schwarzenegger claim to be ?
Quantification:TI How many years long was a scientific course under Patrick Dillon at Notre Dame ?
Entities:LO The Amateur Boxing Golden Gloves are held at which location in NYC ?
Entities:AB What type of degree is an M.Div. ?
Description:DE What kind of reviews do iPods tend to get ?
Entities:LO Which subway system is considered the largest in the world ?
Entities:IN Whose directions can be followed to interact with iPod batteries ?
Entities:TH Along with Devonian slate , Middle Devonian limestone and limestone , what stone provides the geologic base of Plymouth ?
Entities:PE What younger sister of Beyonce also appeared in Destiny 's Child ?
Quantification:TI How many hours of sunshine does the South West England region get each year ?
Entities:OR What large record company recorded Beyonce 's group 's first album ?
Entities:OR Aside from Plymouth High School for Girls and Devonport High School for Boys , what state grammar school is present in Plymouth ?
Quantification:AG How old was Schwarzenegger when he won Mr. Universe ?
Entities:TH What is the name of the solar powered car race held every two years ?
Entities:DA When did Schwarzenegger take an airplane for the first time ever ?
Entities:PE What was the name of the copywriter that proposed the name iPod " ? "
Quantification:NU How many lines did the Marconi-EMI transmission contain ?
Entities:TH What was the first type of connection used by the iPod to charge and transfer files ?
Entities:IN What 's Apple 's code name for the newer 8-pin dock connector ?
Entities:PE What was the name of the hairdresser 's assistant Schwarzenegger fell for in July of 1977 ?
Entities:DA Schwarzenegger bought Baena and their son a four-bedroom house in what year ?
Description:RE What forced resettlement throughout Tajikistan ?
Entities:PE Lee 's notes to whom help disclaim this rumor ?
Entities:MO Which hall at Notre Dame contains the current College of Science ?
Description:DE What did Apple originally tell consumers to purchase when their iPod batteries no longer worked ?
Entities:LO The New York Stock exchange is located where in NYC ?
Entities:OR What institute at Notre Dame studies the reasons for violent conflict ?
Quantification:MO What was Apple 's revenue for Q3 2007 ?
Entities:PE Beyonce is a descendent of what Arcadian leader ?
Entities:EN Which song did Beyonce sing to win a competition at age 7 ?
Entities:LO What region of England benefits from the extension of the Azores High pressure area ?
Entities:OR What record company first signed Beyonce 's group and later cut them ?
Description:CE For what cause is money raised at the Bengal Bouts tournament at Notre Dame ?
Entities:OR What maritime institution of higher education existed in Plymouth as of 1880 ?
Entities:PE What nickname did Schwarzenegger 's co-stars call him by during his acting career ?
Description:DE What areas of knowledge were subject to much debate during the Renaissance ?
Quantification:SP What was the winner of the World Solar Challenge 's average speed in 2007 in km/h ?
Entities:LO In what city was the 1966 NABBA Mr. Universe competition held ?
Entities:DA When was I ❤ NY first used in advertisements ?
Entities:TE What was an alternate method of charging the iPod ?
Entities:TH Where can people using iPods on planes view the device 's interface ?
Entities:TH What was the first iPod Touch generation to feature the Lightning connector ?
Description:DE What are the four responsibilities of BBC Television ?
Entities:LO What was the name of the region when it was the cultural center of Iran ?
Entities:LO Where did Schwarzenegger first meet Maria Shriver ?
Entities:DA When was Emomalii Rahmon elected president ?
Quantification:MO What is the annual budget of Notre Dame 's LaFortune Center ?
Entities:PU What did Schwarzenegger name the chapter of the book that addresses his extramarital affair ?
Entities:EV What Super Bowl took place at MetLife Stadium ?
Definition:EN What is the literal translation of the word schatzi" ? "
Quantification:NU How many undergrad students attend the College of Science at Notre Dame today ?
Entities:DA In what year was a Master of Arts course first offered at Notre Dame ?
Entities:IN What file format is not supported by Sony Ericsson and Nokia ?
Entities:TH What kind of battery does the iPod use ?
Entities:LO What is the nickname of the Times Square Theater District ?
Entities:AT Which facility brought the BBC 's transmissions to Birmingham ?
Quantification:TE In degrees Fahrenheit , what was the highest temperature achieved in Plymouth between 1971 and 2000 ?
Description:DE What is a common feature of passive solar architecture ?
Entities:DA What year marked the end of Schwarzenegger 's second term in the governor 's office ?
Definition:DE What is The World Solar Challenge ?
Entities:PU Which publication praised iPods for revolutionizing the industry ?
Entities:PE Which of the bodybuilders Schwarzenegger idolized as a kid did he meet in 1966 ?
Quantification:NU How many languages has the book been translated into ?
Entities:LO In what borough is Godiva based ?
Quantification:NU Many different types of interaction can be controlled by how many buttons ?
Entities:TH What is the name of an Apple-produced iPod accessory ?
Description:RE Why did interest in solar water heating decrease in the 1980s ?
Entities:PE Who are the main female role models for Scout during the story ?
Entities:PE What locale was used to house imprisoned Parliamentarians after the restoration of Charles II ?
Entities:LO What was the name of the region when it was the cultural center of Iran ?
Entities:DA What month and year did Moray make Schwarzenegger choose between her and Shriver ?
Quantification:NU How many people were expelled ? ?
Entities:DA When was Schwarzenegger 's autobiography released ?
Entities:IN What is the term used to describe the attacks on Plymouth during the Second World War ?
List:IN Name four sound profiles that would result in bass distortion on pre-2007 iPods .
Entities:DA In Ireland , when was the power to dissolve parliament assigned to the prime minister ?
Entities:LO In what city did the Renaissance begin ?
Entities:TH The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure ?
Entities:LO What city is MetLife Stadium located in ?
Entities:DA When did the other two major British stations start color programming ?
Entities:IN Rather than copying media files directly to it , what software must be used for this purpose so that they are accessible ?
Entities:DA Scotty 's first album reached the top Billboard spot , the first time for an Idol winner since when ?
Entities:OC What is the head of Monaco 's government called ?
Entities:OC What did Beyoncé 's mother own when Beyoncé was a child ?
Entities:LO What is the street address of the Bureau of Fire Communications alarm office in Brooklyn ?
Entities:DA In what month and year did Plymouth see its highest temperature between 1971 and 2000 ?
Quantification:NU Approximately how many galleries of art are in New York City ?
Quantification:AG How old was Beyoncé when she met LaTavia Roberson ?
Entities:OR What was the Royal Naval Engineering College renamed in 1959 ?
Entities:PG What political party did Schwarzenegger belong to ?
Entities:DA When was The World Solar Challenge started ?
Entities:DA In what year was the library at Notre Dame started ?
Entities:TE What is an example of passive solar design ?
List:LO Which two cities benefited greatly from the activities of Crusaders ?
Entities:OR What is the number one specialty food export of New York ?
Entities:TH What is an example of an iPod accessory made work exercise ?
Entities:DA When was the land under Tibetan empire and Chinese ?
Entities:IN What is Maria Shriver 's relation to President John F. Kennedy ?
Entities:PE Who replaced Luckett and Roberson in Destiny 's Child ?
Entities:MO Which library was built at Notre Dame in 1963 ?
Entities:DA In what year did AM General grant Schwarzenegger 's wish for a street-legal Humvee ?
Description:RE Why is it hard to find the origin of the word Tajik ?
Entities:MO In what building is the current School of Architecture housed at Notre Dame ?
Entities:BO The 1922 Irish Free State Constitution previously gave what body the power to dissolve parliament ?
Entities:BO What public department inspects the restaurants of New York ?
Entities:OR Under which brand was Twilight Princess for the Nintendo Wii published ?
Entities:TH What type of rechargeable battery does Apple use in its iPods ?
Entities:EN What comedy channel on cable television is headquartered in New York ?
Entities:DA In what year did American Idol first air its eleventh season ?
Entities:DA In which decade did Beyonce become famous ?
Entities:PE What is the name of Beyoncé 's younger sister ?
Entities:EV What is the name of the collegiate basketball championship that takes place in New York ?
Quantification:NU Approximately how many tech sector jobs are in New York City ?
Entities:PG What was the name of the first group Beyoncé was a part of ?
Entities:DA In what year did the Dockyard Technical College close ?
Entities:PE Who were viewed as a threat by the Jadidists ?
Entities:PE What governor did Schwarzenegger replace ?
Quantification:SP What was the average speed of a winning solar powered car in 1987 ?
Quantification:NU How many total times has Schwarzenegger won the Mr. Universe title ?
Entities:FO State New York 's leading type of food item exported .
List:PE Among the two , who kept their family home in Brentwood ?
List:OR Mention six companies that made iPod accessories .
Entities:DA When did Destiny 's Child end ?
Entities:DA During which year was Tajikistan under Ymayyads contorl ?
Entities:LO Where did Shriver and Schwarzenegger marry ?
List:MO name the four most expensive stadiums in NYC ?
Description:ME How did the population of Russia vary between 1926 - 1959 ?
Entities:TH What is the other vehicle by AM General , apart from Humvee had Schwarzenegger as its first owner ?
Quantification:NU Mention the length of the course of study at the Notre Dame School of Architecture
Entities:BO Give an alternate name for the Executive Council .
Quantification:NU New York is home to how many fine dining restaurants as stated by Michelin ?
Entities:TH Which connector was required to connect using USB ?
Entities:TH What was launched by Apple on November 14 , 2003 ?
Entities:PE Which Acadian leader was an ancestor of Beyonce ?
Quantification:TE Between 1971 and 2000 , what was the lowest temperature recorded , in degrees celsius in Plymouth ?
Quantification:MO What was Apple 's highest quarterly profit as of first quearter of 2008 ?
Entities:TH Name the equipments which can improve system performance ?
Quantification:SP Give the average speed of 2007 winning solar powered car ?
Entities:OR Manhattan is home to which of the world 's largest chocolate makers ?
Entities:DA The first modern greenhouses were first constructed in which century ?
Entities:TH What can be connected to iPods using A/V cables ?
Entities:PG Which dynasty conquered Tansaxania ?
Quantification:NU Mention the number of children Schwarzenegger and Shriver have together
Description:CE The replacement of expelled parties had what effect ?
Entities:AW What is the name of the award did the book receive in 1961 ?
Entities:DA On what date did Destiny 's Child announce their hiatus ?
Entities:LO Where do students of the School of Architecture of Notre Dame spend their 3rd year ?
Entities:AC Name the process that signals the need for the prime minister to resign in Australia .
Entities:IS Aside from recreation use , what other sector uses iPods ?
Quantification:NU Estimate the student population in NYC public schools .
Entities:PE Name the contestant who hid his/her legal troubles which led to his/her removal from the show ?
Entities:IN Which religion did Beyonce brought up in ?
Entities:DA When was Plymouth 's lowest temperature between 1971 and 2000 recorded ?
Entities:DA In what year did Beyoncé begin to manage the girl group ?
Entities:OR What is the full form of MBA , an organization based in Plymouth ?
Entities:LO What is the birth country of Schwarzenegger ?
Entities:EN Name other car races which use solar powered vehicles
Quantification:NU Give the number of books housed at the Theodore Hesburgh Library
Quantification:AG What was the age of Schwarzenegger when he started hoping to move to America ?
Entities:EN Which episode of the Legend of Zelda series was considered the greatest entry at the time of its release ?
Quantification:NU What is the work force strength in New York 's security business as of 2013 ?
Entities:PE In the book , for marrying a black woman which character is whoped ?
Entities:LO Name the island on which Cornell Tech is situated .
Entities:DA At what time Harper Lee started refusing interviews and questions about the book ?
Entities:DA Between which years Samanid Empire rule the land ?
Entities:PE Which person did Schwarzenegger reportedly begin dating shortly after his separation ?
Entities:OR Cornell Tech was founded by Cornell University and which other institution ?
Description:DE Give the result of Feb 2010 election ?
Entities:DA In which year did Lee stop giving interviews about the book ?
Entities:AW Indicate the name of the prize School of Architecture at Notre Dame gives out
Quantification:TI What is the term used in Russia for prime minister ?
List:AC What are two purposes served by iPods in business ?
Entities:LO Name the place in which Schwarzenegger was vacationing at the time he broke his leg .
Entities:TH What was needed to replace an iPod Nano battery ?
Entities:OR Mention the street on which NASDAQ lies in NYC.
Entities:OR What is the name of Apple 's manufacturing company ?
Entities:OC Mention the title assigned to Notre Dame 's Theodore Hesburgh ?
Entities:DA On which date did the first episode of season 11 get aired ?
Entities:LO Where did Beyonce go to school in ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of students studying at the University of Plymouth ?
Entities:LO Name the Plymouth organization that was named after Sir Alister Hardy
Entities:PE Mention the maiden name of Schwarzenegger 's mother .
Entities:IN Renaissance thinkers were brought back in touch with what ancient civilizations as a result of their encounter with Arabic Knowledge ?
Quantification:AG What was the age of Schwarzenegger when he moved to America ?
Entities:PE Whom does the " I ❤ NY" trademark belong to ?
Entities:TH What is the common connector for both audio and file transfer on iPod shuffle ?
Entities:PE who gave the title of the fashion capital of the world to New York ?
Quantification:MO Estimate the capital raised by Accelerator as of mid 2014 .
Entities:DA When did Nintendo reveal the start of development on what would become Twilight Princess ?
Entities:DA During which era Russian Empire take over Central Asia ?
Quantification:TI How many years were Schwarzenegger and Shriver married ?
Description:DE Explain dominant-party system ?
Entities:PE Name the person who placed Beyonce in Start Search
Entities:DA When was the office of sustainability at Notre Dame created ?
Quantification:MO What is the amount in dollars that was spent by Schwarzenegger to convert a Hummer to run on hydrogen ?
Entities:DA The year when Met Life stadium hosted a SuperBowl
Entities:DA When did the opening of a theology library at Notre Dame occur ?
Quantification:TI What is the term used in Isreal for prime minister ?
Entities:PE Mention the person who placed Girl 's Tyme in Start Search
Entities:OR Name the company that uses iPods for training .
Entities:PE Name of the person that Scou tthink could be lonelier than Boo Radley ?
Quantification:RA What generation of iPods had battery affixed with glue ?
Entities:LO In which lace was the first studio of BBC located ?
Entities:OR Name the auditor hired by Apple to oversee worker conditions .
Entities:PE Who was the additional finalist who made it to Top 25 ?
Entities:PE Who was Plymouth 's Mayor in 1593 ?
Entities:PE The first solar architecture was used by whom ?
Entities:EN Name the film that featured Destiny 's Child 's first major single
Entities:AT University of Plymouth is attached to which marine facility ?
Entities:PE What was the first name of the father of Schwarzengger ?
Entities:DA In which year was the first solar powered boat made
Entities:PE Who was Schwarzenegger 's co star in the film Stay Hungry ?
Entities:LO Name the state in which Schwarzenegger won his first Mr.Olympia title .
Quantification:MO What is the tax revenue generated by the security industry ?
Quantification:NU What is the count of finalists on season 11 of American idol ?
Entities:OR Which company introduced iPod connectivity in its cars ?
Entities:PU Name the newspaper broke the story about Schwarzenegger 's child with another woman
Description:DE What was the allegation of OSCE against Tajikistan ?
Entities:IN What is the name that was planned by Schwarzenegger to be put to his hydrogen refueling stations throughout California ?
Entities:LO Mention the location of theology library at Notre Dame
Description:CE What was responsible for the bass distortion issue in 3rd gen iPod ?
Entities:PE Name the founder of the New York Post .
Entities:DA In what year did the Ottoman Empire conquer Constantinople ?
Entities:DA Plymstock incorporation took place in which year ?
Entities:DA When were Brooklyn didgers created ?
Entities:DA When did Apple start a formal battery replacement program ?
List:EN What were the types of programs that were not shown on BBC Two ?
Entities:PE Name the winner of the latest season of the show Idol ?
Entities:DA When did Foxconn workers start to unionize ?
Entities:DA On which date was Jones terminated from the show ?
Entities:DA As a result of silting , sailors obligated to relocate from Plymouth in which year ?
Quantification:NU What is the strength of staff at the University of Plymouth ?
Entities:EN Name the song that won Destiny 's child a Grammy
Entities:PG Name the group of which many marine organizations in Plymouth are a part ?
Entities:OC What was the occupation of Schwarzenegger 's father in their town ?
Entities:PE The Pacific Ocean was crossed using solar powered boat by whom ?
Quantification:NU What are the number of hosts that are recognized by an iPod the first time they 're used ?
Entities:PE Which professiona wrestler designed the Gold 's gym 's first logo ?
Entities:EN Name the television station that finds its home at Notre Dame
Quantification:MO Mention average income of securities industry in New York .
Quantification:NU As of 2014 what is the number of hotel rooms in NYC ?
Entities:DA When did Apple announce car compatibility ?
Description:RE Why were Russians interested in Tajikistan area ?
Entities:LO Prior to the construction of Plymouth dockyard , which venue used to host the fleet ?
Quantification:TI How long did Baena worked for the Schwarzenegger/Shriver family ?
Entities:DA When did Scwarzenegger 's second gubernatorial term start ? ( Mention the complete date )
Description:DE Give the response of the Tajikistan government ?
Entities:BO Name the governmental department that contributed grant to Schwarzenegger 's hydrogen fuel project .
Entities:OR Which animal life institute at Notre Dame was created by Cavanaugh ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of books held by Notre Dame libraries ?
Entities:PE Name the individuals that filed a law suit over Survivor
Entities:LO Name the other location apart from Plymouth and Devonport that got merged into a country borough in 1914 .
Entities:OR name the professional soccer organisation which is rooted in new york ?
Quantification:MO How much does an iPod replacement battery from Apple cost ?
Entities:AT Which service offered higher quality and DRM-free songs on iTunes ?
Entities:DA When did Chinese Foxconn emplyees commit suicide ?
Description:RE What was the reason behind Jones ' disqualification ?
Quantification:NU What is total annual wage , in rough figures , of all the staff combined at the University of Plymouth ?
Entities:PE Who was the owner of the gym in which Schwarzenegger worked in the late sixties ?
Quantification:NU what was the count of people who were present at vroadway shows in the season of 2013-14 ?
Entities:EN Name the aquarium present in Plymouth
Quantification:MO What is the amount of money spent on enhancing Notre Dame Stadium under John Jenkins ?
Entities:OR With whom did Beyonce land a major movie role in ?
Entities:PE Who created the mural on Notre Dame 's main library ?
Entities:TH Name the first solar powered boat that crossed the Atlantic ocean ?
Entities:PU Name the magazine that called Schwarzenegger the America 's most famous immigrant .
Entities:DA Strating in October ,1936 from which place did continue broadcasting ?
Quantification:PE How much percentage of the city 's wages does the securities industry contribute to ?
Description:DE what subplot in the book received the most complaints in letters to local newspapers ?
Quantification:NU Estimate the number of tourists who visited New York in 2011 .
Entities:PO Name the program that debuted on 23rd November of 1963 ?
Description:DE Between 1864-1885 , what was done by Russia ?
Entities:OR Name the institute in which Gustavo Gutierrez served as a faculty member
Entities:OR What is the name of the non-profit organization founded by Schwarzenegger in 1995 ?
Entities:OR Name Apple 's labor policy monitor
Quantification:RA What is the rank of Notre Dame 's library in the nation ?
Quantification:NU What is the term used in Italy for prime minister ?
Description:CE What was the result of the exploration of the New world by Europe ?
Quantification:RA Which iPod generation dropped FireWire file transfer support ?
Entities:PN Name the iPod model that has its battery soldered into the unit ?
Entities:EN Which movie did Beyonce receive her first Golden Globe nomination in ?
Quantification:NU What was Plymouth 's poulation as of 2014 ?
Entities:TH Disappearance of what thing led to the suicide of a Foxconn employee ?
Entities:EN Which BBC political show was shown in Northern Ireland ?
Entities:PE Which contestant was hospitalized before the Top 13 results of season 11 ?
Entities:DA What was created by Gurian at Notre Dame in 1939 ?
Entities:DA The establishment of the University of Plymouth took place in which year ?
Entities:DA When did beyonce 's group change their name to Destiny 's child ?
Entities:PO Which settlement was founded by the Pilgrim fathers ?
Entities:TE What is the technique used by French and English farmers during the Little Ice Age to gain more solar energy ?
Entities:TH According to Schwarzenegger , what appliance bought by his family was a highlight of his youth ?
Quantification:NU Give the altitude which the Solar Riser reached in feet ?
Entities:LO When compared to other regions of South west England , where can one find the position of Plymouth in terms of life expectancy ?
Entities:PN Which book was published by Schwarzenegger in 1977 ?
Quantification:MO Estimate the construction cost of Cornell Tech .
Entities:IS Which industry controbutes 22 % of NYC 's total wages ?
Description:DE What is the use of solar energy in greenhouses ?
Quantification:NU Estimate the number of tourists who visited New York in 2013 .
Entities:IS Ipod had an impact on what industry ?
Entities:DA When did Notre Dame first have a facility in England ?
Entities:LO Where in China were the Special Olympic games held that had Schwarzenegger as a spokesperson ?
Entities:PE Who was Beyonce 's co-star in the movie , Austin Powers in Goldmember ?
Description:RE Why did intellectual Catholics to leave europe in the 1930s ?
Quantification:NU Mention the number of national titles won by Knute Rockne as head coach
Quantification:NU By what name do the Scandinavians address thier prime minister ?
Entities:OR What is the name of the mercantilism institution that was established with New World colonies ?
Entities:DA Study of a germ-free-life began at Notre Dame in which year ?
Entities:IN What is the name of the commission that uses TDM as a metric ?
Entities:LA Which is the language of the people in northwestern Spain ?
Entities:DA What year saw several Foxconn workers commit suicide ?
Description:CE Due to which ailment was Philip Philips hospitalized during his time on American Idol ?
Entities:PE Name the creator of Brick .
Entities:ORG Which higher education institution is informally known as Marjons ?
Entities:PU From where was Destiny 's child picked ?
Quantification:NU As of 2001 reports , what was the population of circa , a Plymouth unitary authority ?
Entities:IN Which font is currently being used in iPods ?
Entities:PE Who wrote the original opera ''Carmen '' in the 19th century ?
Entities:TH Name the solar powered aircraft circling the globe in 2015 ?
Entities:MO Name the hall for which construction began on 8 March 2007
Entities:OR What is the name of the college where Schwarzenegger studied but did not receive a degree ?
Quantification:TI What was the duration of the period during which the BBC alternated different broadcasting systems ?
Entities:LO Mention the street on which the New York Exchange HQ lies .
Quantification:NU Estimate the highest number of visiting tourists that New York has seen in a year .
Entities:AT What is the exterior colour of Schwarzenegger 's Bugatti Veyron Grand Sport Vitesse ?
Quantification:SI Give the area of Tajikistan ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of shools across the country in which ICG is active ?
Quantification:TI What was the battery life of 5th generation iPods ?
Entities:OC Name an alternative for the term prime minster .
Entities:IS The establishment of overseas colonies resulted in a shift in focus of European economy from agriculture to which field ?
Entities:PO Name the program that allowed users to exchange iPod Nanos which suffered from overheating problems with new safe models ?
Entities:AT Mention the attribute of US that could lead to more international and less domestic employment opportunities
Entities:DA When was Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies founded ?
Quantification:NU How many surgeries did Philip Philips have when he was on American idol ?
Quantification:MO What was the amount of money that the move to satellite was worth to the station over the following 5 years ?
Entities:IN Name the academic speciality of the University of St Mark and St John .
Entities:EN Which movie adopted the song ' Killing time ' ?
Entities:DA Give the year when Tajikistan become an independent nation ?
Entities:PE What is the name of actor in the first movie Schwarzenegger remembers seeing ?
Entities:EN Name Beyonce 's album against which a lawsuit was filed in 2001
Entities:DA When were the Brooklyn dodgers appointed ?
Entities:DA In which year was first solar powered unmanned flight made ?
Entities:LO Where is Amateur Boxing Golden Glove held ?
Entities:AB What is the full form of TM ?
Quantification:RA What was the highest approval rating achieved by Schwarzenegger during his stint as governor ?
List:OR Which companies sell iPod accessories ?
List:DA List the years PGA golf championship was conducted by NYC ?
Entities:OR Which companies have iPod interface in their stereo systems ?
Entities:DA What is the year in which BBC Japan shut down ?
Entities:OR Name tha Beijing center of Notre Dame .
Entities:OR Which school of University of Southern California is Schwarzenegger Institute for State and Global policy a part of ?
List:EN the name of two hockey teams rooted in NYC
Entities:IN Mention the field of speciality of Anton-Hermann Chroust .
Entities:LO Where does the Plymouth 's ferry to Spain terminate ?
Entities:AC Which other event apart from the colonies ' activities helped the transition from agriculture to manufacturing ?
Entities:OR Name the competitor that sued Apple over rights to part of the software user interface
Quantification:SI Wha is the workforce strength of the New York publishing industry ?
List:AT Mentions two major criticisms of iPods
Entities:PE Name the incumbent head of BBC Telivision .
Entities:PE Name the actor who played Daniel Ruettiger in the film Rudy
Entities:PE Who is credited with freventing more clashes between Notre Dame students and the KKK ?
Entities:IN What file system must an iPod be formatted with to make it bootable for Mac ?
Entities:PE Pain in his kidney forced which contestant to think about leaving the contest ?
Quantification:NU NYC schools are regularly attended by how many students ?
Entities:OR Name the college , apart from City college Plymouth , that calls Plymouth home .
Entities:EN What was Charles Sheedy 's role at Notre Dame ?
Entities:EN Which song won Best R&B Performance in the 43 Annual Grammy Awards ?
Entities:NU How many persons on an average were there in a Plymouth household ?
Entities:OC What is the profession that Schwarzenegger 's father wanted him to pursue ?
Entities:DA In which year was first solar powered manned flight made ?
Entities:DI What was Schwarzenegger 's psychological problem ?
Entities:PE What is the name of Harper Lee 's sister ?
Quantification:RA Which version of iTunes store start selling video games ?
Entities:TH Which connector is required for iPod accessories ?
Entities:TH Which transmitter is used to broadcast in iTrip ?
Entities:LO Which corridor which seperates Tajikistan and Pakistan ?
Entities:DA When was the Schwarzenegger Institute for State and Global Policy founded ?
Quantification:NU What is the work force strength in New York fashion industry ?
Entities:OR Name the Plymouth based higher education institution .
Entities:DA When did the original Sorin built Main Building get replaced ?
Entities:OR Name the computer company which sold iPods from 2004-05 as part of a license agreement with Apple ?
Entities:LO What is the country outside Greece where Greek is a major language ?
Definition:EN What does Midna look like ?
Entities:IN W file system will an iPod be formatted with when connected to Windows PC ?
Entities:LO In which part Tajikistan is located ?
Entities:PE Who went through eight surgeries during his/her Idol run ?
Definition:EN What is the meaning of Sutton in Old English language ?
Quantification:NU What is the strength of students enrolled at City College Plymouth ?
Entities:TH which stadium hosted the new York giants and new York jets
Entities:PE Who did Beyonce record a song with for the film ' The Best Man' ?
Quantification:PE Chinese ancestry account for what percent of Plymouth residents in 2011 ?
Entities:EN Name the film Beyoncé starred in 2001 with Mekhi Phifer
Entities:DA In which date did Solar Challenger cross the English Channel ?
Entities:EN What is the competition in bodybuilding that was named after Schwarzenegger ?
Quantification:NU Mention the number of programs NDtv featured in 2002
Entities:AB What is the full form of UHI?
Quantification:MO What were the charges for iPod 's replacement batteries ?
Quantification:PE In 2013-14 how much percent did the securities business contribute to New York 's tax revenues ?
Quantification:NU An iPod has how many buttons ?
Entities:AT Which audio input feature is standard in cars ?
Quantification:NU Give the number of buttons on iPods .
Entities:LO Which country borders Tajikistan to the east ?
Quantification:RA Which position was held by Schwarzenegger in the Institute ?
Entities:AT What was Ivan Meštrović famous for ?
Entities:OC What is the head of Vatican City 's government called ?
Entities:LA What other language , apart from English is spoken in Gibraltar ?
Entities:PG Name the empire from which Balkan states started retaking their Independence ?
Quantification:NU Specify the strength of Notre Dame campus in 2014
Entities:DA when was the inaugural national invitation tournament ?
Entities:EN Which was the first public-access TV channel in the country ?
Entities:EN The game Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess belongs to what genre ?
Entities:DI Philips suffered from which pain ?
Quantification:TI How old is Plymouth College of art ?
Entities:PU From where was Destiny 's Child name picked ?
Entities:PE Who was Midnas saviour ?
Quantification:PE Devon 's GVA account for what percentage of Plymouth in 2013 ?
Description:RE What is the reason for demonstrators to attack Russian soldiers in Khujand ?
Entities:AN Throughout the book , which animal use as a symbol ?
Entities:EN Name Destiny Child 's third album
Entities:LO From which place to which place did Eric Scott Raymond fly using a solar powered plane in 1990 ?
Quantification:NU What was the frequency with which Schwarzenegger wrote a column for Muscle & Fitness and Flex ?
Entities:TH Name the U.S. tabloid that settled out of court with Schwarzenegger in 1999 ?
List:OR What do you call companies that make accessories for OEMs?
Entities:PU What was the only book to receive more complaints in 1968 according to the National Education Association ?
Entities:IN I ❤ NY represents which English phrase ?
Entities:DA When was the The College of Arts and Letters at Notre Dame created ?
Entities:OC What is the term for the highest position in government in Iran ?
Entities:DA When had the library at Notre Dame reach 10,000 books ?
Quantification:RA Which iPod generation dropped FireWire file charging support ?
Entities:PG Name the NBA team located in New York along with the Brooklyn Nets
Entities:OR Which organization was represented by Father Edward Sorin ?
Quantification:NU Of the 3 national newspapers how many are from New York ?
Entities:IN Which consoles support Twilight Princess ?
Entities:PE Who gave the voice of Midna ?
Entities:PE Season 11 of American Idol consisted of saving of which contestant ?
Entities:PU Which journals inpsired the Review of Politics ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of independent art colleges in the United Kingdom ?
Entities:EN Which film included ' Killing Time ' in its sound track ?
Entities:PG By what name is the period of armed incursions undertaken in the name of Christiasnity called ?
Quantification:NU How much was Plymouth 's GVA in millions in 2013 ?
Entities:EN The name of annual track and field meeting which conducts the wanamaker mile event ?
Entities:PE What is the name of the son of Meinhard ?
Quantification:TI What is the time upto which solar powered plane Solar Impulse can remain in the air ?
Quantification:MO When he was a governor , what was the annual amount that was pledged by the magazines for which Schwarzenegger wrote towards physical fitness intitiatives ?
Entities:OR Who is the manufacturer of the pedometer accessory for iPod ?
Description:ME The credit to households can be accomplished by what method ?
Entities:EN Which role did Shwarzenegger play in his first film ?
Entities:TH What is the name of the Apple produced iPod accessory that is dicontinued now ?
Quantification:PE Unemployment accounted for what percentage of Plymouth 's residents in 2014 ?
Entities:AT What audio integration feature is common in cars ?
Entities:TH Which other Apple product has UI similar to iPod Touch ?
Quantification:NU NYC has these many minor league baseball teams ?
Quantification:SI Give the area of Tajikistan ?
Quantification:DI What is the distance , in miles between London and Plymouth ?
Entities:IS What kind of institution is the Notre Dame ?
Entities:OR Name the NHL franchise situated in New York along with New York rangers
Entities:BO What is the term given to the group of nations where the head of government can attain the title of Excellency ?
Entities:IN By what phrase is the period marked by competetion for extant lands described ?
Entities:AB What is the abbreviated form of British Broadcasting Corporation ?
Entities:AT What did Apple introduce resolve the screen problem ?
Entities:DA When was Twilight Princess released in USA ?
Entities:PE Name the first female to be saved by the judges on American Idol ?
Entities:OR Creation of charter schools in New York is aided by which institute ?
Entities:DA When did iPod owners complain about iPod screen ?
Entities:NU What is the number of large colleges in Plymouth ?
Entities:EN Name Destiny Child 's first major hit
Quantification:MO What was the recorded per capita GVA of Plymouth in 2013 ?
Description:CE What was the cause of Schwarzenegger 's father Gustav 's death ?
Description:ME State the alternative way of making carbon-based fuels from reduction of carbon dioxide ?
Entities:MO Name the baseball stadium at Notre Dame .
Quantification:RA What was the position that was held by Schwarzenegger at Muscle & Fitness and Flex for a short time ?
Quantification:NU New York city has how many food vendors which are not stationary ?
Entities:LO From which place did the BBC broadcast after World War II ?
Description:RE Give the reason why second meter is usually unnecessary to monitor electricity use ?
Entities:DA When was Twilight Princess the most critically acclaimed game ?
Entities:PE What was the last name of Schwarzenegger when he started Hercules in New York ?
Entities:TH What was the name of the new connector revealed on September 12 , 2012 ?
Entities:OR Which airlines made deals to introduce iPod connections in 2007 ?
Quantification:MA What is the weight in pounds of each of Schwarzenegger 's Hummers ?
Entities:DA When was the iTunes Store launched ?
Entities:LO Name the country bordering Tajikistan to the south ?
Entities:DA When were the leaked pics of the new iPod leaked ?
Entities:TN Which river flows to the west of Pymouth ?
Entities:IN Give the translation of French words Notre Dame du Lac in English
Entities:AW What honorary title can the prime ministers in commonwealth nations be addressed by ?
Quantification:NU How many iPods were sold in April of 2007 ?
Entities:DA When did the World War I begin ?
Entities:LA Which language is considered to be a de facto second language in Mediterranian Europe ?
Entities:DA When was Twilight Princess available to GameCube owners for purchase ?
Entities:DA What is the year in which Plymouth became a city ?
Entities:PE Which contestant was eliminated on American Idol after the judges saved Jessica Sanchez
Quantification:AG Mention the age of Beyonce when she won a school talent show .
Entities:DA In what year did Destiny 's Child release their second album ?
Quantification:NU Mention the number of student housing areas reserved for Notre Dame 's graduate students
Quantification:MO How many pounds was the United Kingdom 's average per capita GVA in 2013 ?
Entities:PE What is the name of the woman regarding whom Schwarzenegger was first serious about ?
Entities:DA In which year did the religious conflict end in Europe ?
Description:DE Name the process which converts solar energy into storable and transportable fuels ?
Entities:AW Name the title that was won by Schwarzengger in 1965 .
Entities:TN Water released due to high demand , converts the pump into what ?
Entities:PE Who was the director of 1973 's The Long Goodbye which featured Shwarzenegger as a hit-man ?
Quantification:SI What is the office space in Manhattan in square meters ?
Entities:EN Name New York 's state song .
Entities:LO Nintendo wanted to design the next Legend of Zelda game for which region ?
Entities:AT What software is required for iTunes Store ?
Entities:LO Which country is along the west border of Tajikistan ?
Entities:LO What is the name of the nation in which Plymouth is located ?
Entities:LO New Jersey devils hockey team play which town
Entities:PE Name the patron saint of Notre Dame
Entities:BO Name the body which has the British prime ministers as members , thereby granting them the title of Right Honourable
Entities:DA Which year marked the emergence of a victor in World War I ?
Entities:PU Name a New York-based newspaper that has won the Pulitzer Prize for journalism .
Entities:EV Name the oldest , longest horse races in US situated in NYC.
Entities:LO Name the company that developed Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess .
Entities:AN According to Atticus Finch , Which bird is a sin to kill ?
Quantification:DI Where did Jessica Sanchez finish this season ?
Entities:PE Who was Beyonce 's partner in a duet for The Best Man film ?
Entities:PE As mentioned , which person is the only non-abusive father ?
Entities:DE Give an use of greenhouse ?
List:LO Where did Beyonce 's song Work It Out achieve top ten status ?
Entities:TE Which solar process can be used to produce different fuels ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of times that Schwarzenegger won the Mr. Olympia title ?
Entities:IN In which form energy is stored in umped-storage hydroelectricity ?
Entities:LO What was the location of Foxconn plant ?
Entities:EN What is the name of the category in Golden Globe in which Schwarzenegger won for his role in Stay Hungry ?
Quantification:SI Mention the approximate office space in Midtown Manhattan in millions of square feet .
Entities:DA In which year was " I love New York " established as advertising ?
Entities:DA When were videos introduced on iTunes store ?
Entities:DA When was the first recorded history of this region ?
Entities:TN What is the name of the water body into which Tamar and Plym cnverge ?
Quantification:SI What is the area of Notre Dame in acres ?
Quantification:MO What is the yearly cost involved in paying New York fashion industry workers ?
Description:DE The features of passive solar architecture , customized to the environment can be used for producing what spaces ?
Entities:DA Mention the year in which the first written reference to Plymouth was made .
Entities:EN Name the event at which the major Allied powers asserted their conditions at the end of the war .
Entities:LA Name the language , other than English that is spoken in Malta ?
Definition:EN What is a Poe ?
Entities:DA When was the Legend of Zelda:Twilight Princess originally planned for release ?
Quantification:RA In which round did the judges use their save this season ?
Entities:LO Name a country where prime ministers can be called Right Honourable solely because of their position
Description:DE What did Beyonce battle mentally ?
Entities:OR Which company signed the girl group on October 5 , 1995 ?
Quantification:PE How much percentage of Plymouth 's residents were suffering from poverty and deprivation in 2014 ?
Entities:DA Give the year when Tajikistan become an independent nation ?
Entities:PE Who designed Plymouth Sound Breakwater ?
Entities:EN In which film was Beyonce Cuba Gooding Jr. 's co-star ?
Entities:DA In which year did Schwarzenegger give an interview to Talk magazine ?
Entities:AC Name the process under development at the Weizmann Institute ?
Quantification:TI According to Schwarzenegger , what was the amount of time in a day that he spent on lifting weights in 2011 ?
Entities:OR Name the radio station that provides radio to the students of Notre Dame at 88.9 FM
Description:ME What is the mechanism of recovering the energy stored by pumped-storage hydroelectricity ?
Entities:AT According to Shwarzenegger , agents described his body using which adjective ?
Quantification:SI As of 2015 what is the office space in Manhattan ?
Entities:DA When did Apple anounce that it had achieved its highest quarterly earnings to date ?
Quantification:MO State the purchase price of the Waldorf Astoria hotel .
Entities:EN Name New York 's state song .
Entities:PU Which daily newspaper is based in New York , apart from the New York Times ?
Entities:PG Modern Tajikistan was part of which empire around 500 BE ?
Entities:LO Name the location which had Plymouth 's earliest settlement ?
Entities:PG Which empire restored Persian control of the region ?
Description:RE Why did Notre Dame become notable in the early 20th century ?
Entities:PE In 1403 , which riders set fire to Plymouth ?
Entities:IN Name the kind of government in operation in the United Kingdom .
Entities:PU Name the publication that published a story on the working conditions of iPod labor .
Entities:OR Name the internet radio station of Notre Dame that is served as an internet stream
Entities:DA In which year was the first practical solar boat constructed ?
Entities:LA What is the name of the language that can be found in Kosovo and Albania ? >
List:TH Name the two stores which sell files with DRM not compatible with iPods .
Entities:DA When was the Wii version of Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess released ?
Entities:PE Which contestant was saved by the judges ?
Entities:AC What happened after she was publicly criticized ?
Quantification:TI Indiacte the life expectancy of male residents in Plymouth as of 2014
Description:RE What was the reason they went to war against Bolshevick ?
Entities:PE Who was Beyonce 's co-singer in lead single with in Fighting Temptations ?
Description:DE What is produced by the Solznic process ?
Entities:EV Name the competition in which Schwarzenegger lifted 500 pounds while balancing on foot rests .
Entities:DA In which year the oil embargo was a contributing factor to the reorganization of energy policies ?
Entities:DA In which year did Schwarzenegger purchase the rights to the film Pumping Iron ?
Entities:LO Name the city in which Silicon Alley lies .
Entities:LO The Halloween Parade happens in which neighbourhood ?
Entities:DA In which year was the New York Post founded ?
Entities:PE What was the original name of Pymouth ?
Entities:PE Name the 20th century Notre Dame football coach who is most notable
Definition:EN What is the meaning of the word 'Plym Mouth' ?
Quantification:MO What is the expected cost of Eddy Street Commons at Notre Dame ?
Quantification:PE How much percentage of New York 's private sector jobs does the security business account for ?
Quantification:PE What percentage of the time did The Mail on Sunday claim workers labored for seven days a week ?
Entities:PE Name the main character of the story ?
Definition:EN What does Link do at the start of Twilight Princess ?
Entities:PE Which contestant was eliminated next week ?
Description:RE Give the reason why solar ballons are typically limited to the toy market ?
Quantification:TI Indicate the life expectancy of female residents in Plymouth as of 2014
Entities:EN Name the other song from the soundtrack that did better in the charts
Entities:TE Which is the main area of solar chemical research since the 1970s ?
Entities:AC Name the events in 1970 which brought attention to solar technologies in the 1970s ?
Entities:DA Schwarzenegger played the role of Jayne Mansfield 's husband in a film in which year ?
Entities:OR Name the company that sponsors the Thanksgiving Parade .
Entities:DA In which year were videos introduced on iTunes store ?
Entities:PG Who took control of the region in first century CE ?
Entities:DA When did the Pilgrim Fathers sail from Plymouth ?
Entities:BO Name the athletic association the student athletes at Notre Dame are a part of .
Quantification:TI What is the term for prime minister in India ?
Entities:DA When did the Eddy Street Commons Project come to light ?
Entities:PE Who caused Luckett and Roberson to leave Destiny 's Child ?
Entities:EN National Tennis Center organises what event of Tennis Grand Slam ?
Entities:TN What land is protected by Link ?
Entities:PE Ace Young asked which former contestant to marry him ?
Quantification:NU New York is home to how many private schools ?
Description:CE What caused Beyonce 's depression ?
Entities:PG The first special edition of the iPod was made for which band ?
Entities:EN Which film did Beyonce appear in with Mike Myers ?
Entities:TE Name the thermochemical processes that has been explored besides electrolysis ?
Description:RE What made parties upset in the 2005 election ?
Entities:PE What is the name of the winner of Mr. Olympia 1969 ?
List:IN Name some of the incentive programs used to promote solar technology ?
Entities:DA On what date was the Baird system banned officially ?
Entities:EN Schwarzenegger 's height made him miss out on which role ?
List:PU List of the name of books , that it 's lessons are fundamental and universal according to Shields ?
Quantification:PE What fraction of Notre Dame students took part in Early Action Program ?
Entities:LO Which famous location lights a Christmas tree every year ?
Entities:DA In what year was Lee awarded an induction into the Alabama Academy of Honor ?
Entities:DA Which year saw the lauch of iTunes store ?
Entities:DA During which century islam was brought to the region ?
Entities:PE Who was behind the new iPod color leaks ?
Entities:DA Mention the year during English Civil War which marked an end to the siege of Plymouth ?
Quantification:NU Mention the number of students at Notre Dame that received the Heisman Trophy
Quantification:TI What is the Pakistani term for Prime Minister ?
Entities:NU What is the name of the leader of Italy when World War II started ?
Entities:LO What is the other town , apart from Plymouth and Devonport that is a part of the Three towns ?
Quantification:PE What percentage of Apple 's manufacturing workforce had over 60 hour work weeks ?
Entities:PE Who helped Link in Twilight Princess ?
Entities:OR Name Ray Kroc 's company
Quantification:RA Ace yYoung was finlist of American idol in which season ?
Entities:IN Name the entities that raised concerns over the possibilty of BBC programming for free ?
Entities:OR Name a major New York-based broadcaster other than ABC and NBC .
Quantification:NU Specify the number of male dorms on Notre Dame campus
Entities:TE What process is being developed by the Weizmann institute ?
Entities:BO Name the solar energy research facility in the US ?
Entities:EN Name the 1979 comedy film which featured Schwarzenegger , Kirk Douglas and Ann-Marget ?
Entities:OR Which airlines introduced iPod connections ?
Quantification:DI How long does an average student travel to study at Notre Dame ?
Entities:LO The classes from Dockyard Technical college were relocated to which univeersity ?
Entities:IN Which Microsoft audio format does n’t have native support on iPod ?
Entities:AT Name one feature that could not be implemented in Ocarina of Time .
Entities:IN Which file format was used by iTunes when it was launched ?
Entities:PG Who brought Islam practices with them ?
Entities:PG Which colony was founded by the Pilgrim fathers in the New World ?
Entities:LO New Jersey Devils are situated in what city
Quantification:NU How many students from Notre Dame entered the Pro Football Hall of Fame ?
Definition:EN What is the english translation for the term Wazir-e-Azam ?
Entities:PO Which pact referred to the military partnership between countries aligned with the Soviet Union ?
Entities:PE Name the architect who was noted for his neoclassical designs in Plymouth .
Entities:DA When did Apple start selling movies on the iTunes store ?
Entities:EN The wanamaker mile is held in which annual sporting competition ?
Entities:PE Name the protagonist is Legend of Zelda ?
Quantification:RA Diana DeGarmo was runner 's up of American Idol in which season ?
Entities:TH Name the display that shows action-button triggers
Quantification:NU What is the number of Plymouth 's residents that serve in military ?
Entities:EN What was the genre of movie in which Beyonce starred with Cuba Gooding , Jr ?
Entities:TH Which component of the first generation nano got damaged easily ?
Entities:TE Thermal mass systems store solar energy in which form ?
Quantification:AG What was the age of Schwarzenegger when he won the Mr.Olympia title in 1970 ?
Entities:BO What is the solar energy research facility in Japan called as ?
Entities:OC For which job Atticus Finch 's integrity has become a model ?
Entities:EN Name the title of Conan the Barbarian 's sequel ?
Quantification:RA What is the current position of Notre Dame accoring to U.S. News & World Report 2015-2016 university rankings ?
Entities:LO In which city is Unisphere situated ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of computers that were allowed to play files that used the FairPlay DRM system ?
Entities:IN Which religions were practiced in the region from first century to 4th century CE ?
Entities:PE Name the Assemblyman who playfully tried to measure the height of Schwarzenegger .
Quantification:RA Where among US universities does Notre Dame stand ?
Entities:DI What was the health concern prior to the release of 5th gen iPods ?
Entities:AW Mention the name given to the head of government 's office in Canada .
Entities:AB What is the full form of EU ?
Entities:LO Name the street on which many of John Foulston deigned buildings reside .
Quantification:RA In terms of number of students enrolled , what is the position of University of Plymouth among British institutions of higher education ?
Entities:OR Name the organization that Apple joined to monitor its labor policies ?
Entities:DA In whch year did Tom and Jerry first broadcast on BBC One happen ?
Quantification:MO What was Apple 's revenue in Q2 2007 ?
Entities:AN Name the mysterious creature that assists Link ?
Entities:OC Which academic position did Father Josh Carrier hold at Notre Dame ?
Entities:PE Name the winner of this season of Idol ?
Entities:TN What component has a speaker in the Wii console ?
Entities:PE Name the ruler under whom the former town of Sutton was referred to as Plymouth .
Entities:DA Plymouth 's Gin was first distilled in which year ?
Entities:EN Which was the lead single from the film 's sound track ?
Entities:DA In which year did the Romans make Christianity their official religion ?
Entities:TE Name the system which can store solar energy in the form of heat ?
Entities:PE Against whom did Schwarzenegger win to bag his sixth Mr.Olympia in a row ?
Entities:PG What is the name of the group that took control in the year 1933 ?
Entities:BO Name the solar energy research facility in Germany ?
Entities:DA In which year was the first installment of Terminator released ?
Entities:LO How do you call the metropolitan areas with higher temperatures than the surrounding areas ?
Quantification:RA Where does Note Dame stand among US research universities according to forbes.com ?
Entities:TH Where are the controls placed on the 3rd gen iPod Shuffle ?
Entities:IN What was the only OS that supported iPod at launch ?
Entities:IN Which category contained files without DRM on the iTunes store ?
Entities:EN Which song featured in Charlie 's Angels ?
Quantification:RA Give the rate at which GDP expanded ?
Entities:PE Who is the lyricist of Notre Dame Victory March ?
Entities:PU What title does Schwarzenegger 's autobiography bear ?
Entities:LO Give the name of the region when it was the cultural center of Iran ?
Quantification:NU Mention the number of individual colleges part of Notre Dame
Entities:OC Mention the name given to the head of government 's office in the UK.
Entities:IN Name the code that governs iPod manufacturers ' labor policies .
Description:DE What are the things that are tasked to be managed by the European Union ?
Entities:PE Who was the founder of Plymouth Porcelain ?
Quantification:NU What is the most common christian denomination in the eastern part of Mediterranian Europe ?
Entities:TH Apple leverage the iTunes store to sell which devices ?
Entities:IN Mention the name of alternate storyline
Quantification:RA Ace Young appeared in which season ?
Entities:LO What is the location of Basque Country ?
Entities:EN Name the sound that is played when secrets in the game are uncovered ?
Entities:OR Name the company that produced Plymouth Gin
Entities:OR What is the Kellogg Institute for International Studies a part of ?
Description:AN What was critics response to ' The Figting Temptations ' ?
List:TH Give examples of materials used in thermal storage systems .
Entities:DA When did Schwarzenegger wuit from professional bodybuilding competitions ?
Quantification:TI Until when the solar water heaters introduced in the US in the 1890s saw growth ?
Entities:PE Who was the director of The Terminator ?
Quantification:RA Where does the undergrad school at the Mendoza College of Business stand in BusinessWeek rankings ?
Entities:PU What is the name of the book which was credited with sparking the US Civil War ?
List:IN Mention the audio formats supported by the iPod .
Entities:PE Name Beyoncé 's alter-ego
Entities:DA When did Apple reveal that most of the iTunes selection was DRM free ?
Entities:IS Which industries provide primary source of income for Tajikistan ?
Entities:AW Mnetion the name of the prize given out by the Architecture School at Notre Dame
Entities:AB What is the term institute of technology abbreviated to during common use ?
Quantification:NU Number of times New York has got the winning trophy in World Series
Entities:DA Which years marked the fall of Communisn in allies of the Soviet Union ?
Quantification:RA In which generation did iPod start providing compatibility with USB ?
Entities:DA What was the foundation year of Plymouth Porcelain ?
Entities:LO To show respect to the street version of Baseball this Street was renamed to what in late 2000s ?
Entities:AW What title was Twilight Princess awarded after its release ?
Entities:TH What is taken by the Bulbins from Ordon ?
Quantification:RA Diana DeGarmo appeared in which season ?
Entities:TH Which component of the Wii is employed to use weapons ?
Description:RE Give the reason for developing solar technology in the 1860s ?
Quantification:NU In 2013-14 season , what were the number of people who were present in Broadway ?
Entities:DA Which decade marked a wide consumption of Plymouth Gin in the world ?
Entities:EN Name the film in which Beyoncé starred with Mike Myers in 2002
Description:DE What is the use of thermal mass system ?
Entities:EV What competition was Schwarzenegger 's last competition before retirement ?
Quantification:SI What is the area of Alexandria Center for Life Science in metres ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of floors in Notre Dame 's main library ?
Quantification:RA How much is the average growth of solar water heating sector since 1999 ?
Entities:EN Name the other Internationally successful action star of 1980s ?
Entities:PU In which 2014 rankings did Note Dame stand 10th among all American universities ?
Entities:TN On what cards would Schwarzenegger write down his goals ?
Entities:PE Who formed a pact with Zant ?
Entities:TH Which iPod model first supported images ?
Entities:DA What was the target date set by apple to make its catalog DRM free ?
Quantification:NU number of championships new York team has won for major league Baseball
Quantification:NU Give the number of doctorate and masters programs available at Notre Dame
Quantification:DA In what century did the term polytechnic come into existance for the first time ?
Entities:LO Which states controled the Tajikistan portion of Russian Trukestan ?
Entities:EV Name the conference that Notre Dame fencing teams take part in
Entities:OC Which profession was William Cookworthy into ?
Quantification:NU Mention the number of schools that have a similar men 's basketball record to Notre Dame in terms of wins
Entities:LO Stickball Boulevard is positioned in what borough ?
Entities:LO Wher does Link go at the end of the game ?
Quantification:NU What were the number of lines in the Baird transmission ?
Entities:EN Name Philip Philips first song as American Idol winner ?
Quantification:NU What is the student population in the City University of New York system ?
Entities:TH What is another weapon that Link can use , aside from the sword ?
Quantification:PE What is the share of Dockyard in the income of Plymouth ?
Entities:PE What was the name of Beyoncé 's character in Austin Powers in Goldmember ?
Entities:TH What kind of storage media is Paraffin wax ?
Quantification:PE What fraction of food served at Notre Dame is locally grown ?
Entities:EN Name the buidbuilding film in which Schwarzenegger starred .
Entities:DA Give the year in which use of solar water heaters first began in US ?
Quantification:DI What was the distance in kilometers upto which the BBC 's broadcast could originally reach ?
Entities:DA In which year was Schwarzenegger 's The Running Man released ?
Quantification:PE Specify the percentage of Notre Dame students studying overseas .
Quantification:MO At what price was the Waldorf Astoria purchased in October 2014 ?
Quantification:NU How many communities for citywide reading programs picked the novel more than any other book in 2004 ?
Entities:IN Which file format was used by iTunes originally ?
Entities:IN What was the origin of Beyonce 's name ?
Entities:MO Name the art museum maintained by Notre Dame
Entities:OR Which school used the word polytechnic in it 's name for the first time and was founded in 1794 ?
Entities:EV Name the conference that the male hockey team of Notre Dame competes in
Entities:PE Which engineer was involved in the construction of the Eddystone Lighthouse ?
Entities:LO What are the smaller units tht are present in the southern Europe region ?
Entities:DA What is the planned lauch date of the HD version of Twilight Princess ?
Entities:OC What is the Spanish term for prime minister ?
Entities:EN Which song did Jessica Sanchez release after American idol ?
Quantification:NU How many weapons can Link carry at a time ?
Entities:BO Name the Royal Navy base that is present in Plymouth
Entities:PE Name the friend who started bricklaying company with Schwarzenegger
Entities:EN Name the song Beyoncé releases as the lead single for Austin Powers in Goldmember 's soundtrack
Entities:PE Who developed a means of viewing space ?
Entities:TI For how many months did Schwarzenegger have to train for the Mr.Olympia competition in 1975 ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of people estimated to live in Tajikistan ?
Entities:EN Name the comedy movie in which Schwarzenegger starred with Danny DeVito in 1988 ?
Entities:DA When did airlines introduce iPod integration ?
Entities:PE Who was the Director of the Science Museum at Notre Dame in the late 19th century ?
List:OR Which airlines cancelled in implementation of iPod integration ?
Entities:AT What is erased if an iPod is synced with a different computer ?
Entities:DA When did Nintendo announce a new Legend of Zelda was in the works for Gamecube ?
Entities:TE Mention the DRM system originally used by Apple and iTunes .
Entities:PG Whom did Notre Dame students fight in 1924 ?
Entities:LA Which group of languages are most commonly spoken in Mediterranean Europe ?
Entities:DA When was Father Edward Sorin given two years to create a college ?
Entities:LA Name the language from which the word polytechnique is derived .
Entities:EV Which conference did the Fighting Irish take part in in 2012 ?
Quantification:DI What was the length , in kilometers of the Plymouth Sound Breakwater ?
Entities:DA Which year saw the lauch of iTunes store ?
Entities:AB What is the full form of TDM ?
List:DA What days in a week were regular broadcasts provided by the BBC ?
Entities:MO What was the sum total in dollars of the Broadway tickets in 2013-14 ?
Entities:EN What is the coronation song written by Philip ?
Entities:TE What kind of sensors are used by Wii ?
Entities:TH Name the main library at Notre Dame
Quantification:NU What is the number of maritime businesses that operate in Plymouth ?
Entities:EN Name the musical comedy Beyoncé starred in along with Cuba Gooding , Jr.
List:TH Give examples of phase change materials ?
Entities:OR Name the two companies that adopted AAC format for music files
Quantification:NU How much is the per year average growth of solar water heating development since 1999 ?
Entities:PE Which Emperor took over the territory and made it part of his empire ?
Quantification:MO What is the amount in Dollars that Schwarzenegger made on top of t15 % gross from the film Total Recall ?
Quantification:AG From which year to which year did John Augustine Zahm live ?
Entities:TH What is an iPod connected to before iTunes can synchronize ?
Entities:DA From which year to which year was the region under Tibetan empire and the Chinese ?
Entities:OR Name a New York-based cable news channel .
Entities:LO Which country has Slovene as its major language ?
Entities:IN Mention a synonym for the word institute of technology .
Entities:EV Which conference did the Fighting Irish go after the Big East ?
Entities:EN Which songs does the trumpet section of the Band of the Fighting Irish play preceding home football games ?
Entities:DA In which year was Tom and Jerry broadcasted for the last time ?
Quantification:NU What number of Game of the Year awards did Twilight Princess receive ?
Entities:DA When did Albert Zahm begin comparing aeronatical models at Notre Dame ?
Entities:EN Name the latest song released by Sanchez ?
Entities:TH Name the device on the Wii that emits sounds of a bowstring ?
Entities:OC Whats the common way of addressing the heads of government in Wales , Scotland and Northern Ireland ?
Entities:NU What is the number of people who work in Tamar Science Park ?
Entities:EN Which song did Beyoncé release as the lead single from The Fighting Tempations ?
Quantification:TE Give the approximate temperatures that can be delivered by phase change materials ?
Entities:PE In 1980 , what was the hollywood role for which Schwarzenegger was getting trained ?
Entities:PE Who was the leader of the Nazis ?
Quantification:SI What is the height of Schwarzenegger as reported by Men 's Health Magazine in a 1999 issue ?
Quantification:SI Give the estimated capacity of solar water heating and cooling in 2007 ?
Entities:EN Name the 1992 TV movie that was directed by Schwarzenegger
Entities:TH Name the materials which absorb sunlight and create higher temperatures than natural materials ?
Entities:IN John Augustine Zahm was the co-director of which program at Notre Dame ?
Quantification:NU Estimate the workforce strength of New Yorkers in the television and film industry .
Entities:DA Which year saw complete removal of DRM from iTunes offerings ?
Quantification:NU How long did their single Independent Women Part I stay on top ?
Quantification:RA Which generation iPod was required to play the new games available on iTunes 7 ?
Entities:DA Between which years was the region under Tibetan empire and the Chinese ?
Quantification:OR Name the first institute of technology in the world .
Entities:LA Maltese falls under which language type ?
Quantification:NU Mention the number of teams the Fighting Irish commit to play against ACC opponents
Entities:DA In which year was the construction on Plymouth Sound Breakwater finished ?
Entities:LO What is the location of Schwarzenegger restaurant ?
Entities:DA When do Notre Dame home football games occur ?
Quantification:TI After how many years did Schwarnegger featured in a starring role for the first time through 2013 's The Last Stand ?
Entities:AT Which feature in songs from other stores stops iPods from playing them ?
Entities:TE Name the type of camera that was used to broadcast live shows under the Baird System ?
Entities:EV Which conference did the Fighting Irish hockey team compete prior to a move to Hockey East ?
Entities:EN Name the best selling coronation song of all Idol seasons ?
Quantification:NU Mention the number of dungeon instances provided in Twilight Princess ?
Quantification:SI How many gigabytes of storage did the original iPod have ?
Entities:OR Name a Plymouth based notable company
Entities:LO The war was won by whom ?
Entities:EN What was the best rank Beyonce 's first solo recording achieved in the Billboard Hot 100 ?
Entities:TE Name the heating system that first used Glauber 's salt ?
Quantification:NU What was the number of weeks that Schwarzenegger spent on preparing for the 1980 Mr. Olympia contest ?
Entities:OR Name the organization that beleives solar energy can solve some of our most pressing issues ?
Entities:EN Schwarzenegger made his directorial debut in the episode of which well-known TV series ?
Entities:PU John Augustine Zahm was the author of which book in 1896 ?
Entities:PE Name the Schwarzenegger 's son who was with him when he had a motorcycle accident in 2006 .
Entities:TH Where are the buttons on new iPods ?
List:IN What are some recurring elements in Beyonce 's music ?
Entities:DA Mention the year in which the Manhattan Neighborhood Network began .
List:OR List the companies creating video games for Apple 's MP3 player .
Entities:DA When did brothers from Holy Cross arrive at the future location of Notre Dame ?
Entities:EV Which war in the 1900 's led to the increased popularity of institutes of technology and polytechnics ?
Entities:TH Which iPod model introduced combined connector for audio and data ?
Entities:DA The construction on Plymouth Sound Breakwater was commenced in which year ?
Entities:IN What is the name of the auspices under which the BBC exist ?
Entities:DA What year see the release of a HD port for the Wii U console ?
Entities:DA In which year did the season 12 of American Idol premiere ?
Entities:PE Who fights Link in dungeons ?
Entities:PE Name the president of Notre Dame in 2012
Entities:DA When did Charles II ascend to the throne ?
Entities:MO Name the shop that is located in a grade II listed building
Entities:EN Name Beyonce 's first album by herself
Entities:PE Which person supported Beyonce through her depression ?
Entities:AN Which bird is a sin to kill ,according to Atticus ?
Description:RE Give the reason why salts are good for thermal storage ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of times that Schwarzenegger won the Mr. Plympia title before retiring for good ?
Entities:OR Name the school built on Roosevelt Island in 2011 .
Entities:PE Name the organization that stated solar energy can help solve some of the most urgent problems in the world ?
Entities:EN Name the Schwarzenegger movie which was the highest grossing movie of 1991 ?
Entities:IN Mention the term that was used by the UNO to divide groups of nations .
Description:DE State the factors taken into account in the estimate published in 2000 on solar energy ?
Entities:OR Schwarzenegger 's attempts to deal with rumors regarding his interest to run for governor were reported by which media source ?
Entities:DA On what date was the BBC 's full coverage of its standard programming launched in online stream format ?
Quantification:NU Estimate the number of feature films produced in New York City each year .
Entities:OR Name New York 's primary public television station .
Entities:IS Which market has opened up for Apple now that it has a variety of games available for iPod ?
Entities:PE What was the name of the Braunschweig University of Technology at the time of its inception ?
Entities:PG Which religious group did Yale represent , in popular opinion ?
Entities:TH Mention the official colors of Notre Dame in sports
Quantification:NU What is the number of NCAA tournaments the Notre Dame men 's basketball team took part in ?
Entities:DA Which year marked the creation of its own programming by the BBC ?
List:AC Name the three main activities in The Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess
Quantification:RA What was Mariah Careys role in season 12 of American idol ?
Quantification:PE What is the college graduation percentage among Manhattan residents ?
Entities:TH What acts as a bridge between the different dungeons ?
Entities:PE Name the famous astronaut who attended Notre Dame
Entities:PE The remains of the Western Roman Empire were taken over by which people ?
Entities:DA Which year marked the completion of Pannier Market ?
Entities:DA When did Schwarzenegger first try to win the title of Mr.Olympia ?
Quantification:NU How many copies has Dangerously in Love sold worldwide ?
Quantification:NU What capacity of energy was the Solar Two able to store using salts ?
Entities:BO Which institute gave a B to Notre Dame for its sustainability practices ?
Entities:DA When did Schwarzenegger revealed that he used anabolic steroid since they were helpful ?
Description:DE What is specified by ISO 9050 ?
Entities:SP Which previous game 's control setup is used by Twilight Princess ?
Entities:OR Name the organization that named Schwarzenegger the Internatiuonal star of the decade in 1993 ?
Quantification:NU Give the total potential of solar energy found in the estimate ?
Entities:DA When was The Tonight show 's episode featuring Schwarzenegger 's announcement of his candidacy for governor aired ?
Entities:AT What kind of input does the iPod touch use ?
Entities:LO Which city 's mayor picked To Kill a Mockingbird as their favorite book in 2001 ?
Entities:DA In which year did the Montgomery Bus Boycott take place ?
Entities:OR Based on audience size which is the largest public radio station in US ?
List:PU Name two publishers of iPod games .
Entities:DA In what year did the instiutute École Polytechnique come into being ?
Entities:TE Specify the mascot of Notre Dame sport teams
Entities:TH Name the animal product that was imported to Plymouth in the 19th century .
Entities:DA When did the BBC begin its regular TV broadcasts ?
Entities:LO What is Notre Dame 's position among research universities in the US in terms of academic profile ?
Quantification:NU How many times has the World Series seen a face-off between two New York teams ?
Entities:DA When were the BBC broadcasts seen in the United States ?
Entities:OC What is the term used in Ireland for prime minister ?
Entities:WE Which website displayed video of an argument between Mariah Carey and Nicki Minaj ?
Entities:TH Which type of iPod car integration product is banned in certain countries ?
Entities:PE Mention the name of Link 's steed ?
Entities:PE Who managed girls singing group in 1995 ?
Entities:PE Who was removed from Destiny 's Child ?
Entities:OR Which company provides iPod support as a standard feature in their automobiles ?
Entities:EN Name Beyonce 's first number one song
Entities:PE Which scientist created the first Radio ?
Entities:DE The excess electricity of off-grid PV systems store are stored where ?
Entities:PE Schwarzenegger sewed which German doctor ?
Entities:IN What is specified by ISO 10217 ?
Entities:EN In 1994 , which film marked the re-union of Director James Cameron and Schwarzenegger ?
Entities:IN Which audio format was developed by Apple ?
Definition:EN Define solar power ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of debates in which Schwarzenegger participated before the 2003 California recall election ?
Quantification:MO Estimate the annual revenue generated by New York 's film and television industry .
Description:DE What was the issue in the second part of the book as considered by many reviewers ?
Entities:PE Name the director that unintentionally announced a Zelda game was in the works .
Entities:DA Which year did NYC stop owning WYNC ?
Entities:LO In what place have the Middle Iron Age remnants been found ?
Entities:IN What is the extension of iPod game files ?
List:LO Name the three areas in Southern Europe where Italian speakers can be found .
Entities:TE What kind of instituions are considered to be institutes of technology in countries like Germany and Switzerland ?
Quantification:MO What was the revenue share of iPod in Q4 2008 ?
Entities:OR Name the uniform provider of Notre Dame sports teams
Entities:LO Name the settlement in which the dockyards were located .
Entities:PE Who molesting their child in the book ?
Entities:LO In which nation are the headquarters of the BBC located ?
Entities:PE Name the Nobel prize winning Notre Dame alum
Entities:TH What control reomves the need to do manually targeting ?
Entities:DA On which date did the first episode of season 12 get aired ?
Description:DE What does Link solve throughout the game ?
Entities:PE Name the character that resurrects Midna after the fight with Ganondorf ?
Quantification:NU Give the number of top five singles from Beyonce 's first album
Entities:TE The excess electricity of off-grid PV systems store are stored where ?
Entities:IN Which standard is related to glass in building ?
Entities:EN Name the film that had Danny DeVito as co-star for the second time with Schwarzenegger ?
Entities:DA First wireless message by Jerome Green was sent in which year ?
Quantification:PE What share was in favor of a recall of the October 2003 vote ?
Entities:LO Name the US city which is the second most popular location for pilot episode filming .
Entities:EN Mention the race of main jurors in Tom Robinson 's trial
Entities:OR Which public-access TV channel has been around the longest in US ?
Entities:OR Which competitor sued Apple in 2005 and 2006 ?
Entities:IN What file format is being replaced by the use of ipg files ?
Entities:NU What was the max audio output for iPods sold in EU ?
Entities:DA In which year among the 1900 's did the polytechnics in the UK gain university designation ?
Quantification:MO How much is the contract between Under Armour and Notre Dame worth ?
Entities:BO Name the primary base of the Royal Navy during World War I.
Quantification:PE What is the percentage share of BBC in the UK viewership ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of Tom and Jerry episodes that were shown in the evenings ?
Quantification:NU Mention the number of wins achieved by Notre Dame men 's basketball team
Entities:TH Which device was used by the RCA employees to receive the BBC signal ?
Entities:PE Who sent the first wireless message in the USA ?
Quantification:NU The latest season of American idol was judged by how many people ?
Entities:PE Who fights Link at the end of a dungeon level ?
Entities:DA What is year in which French assaulted Plymouth during Hundred Years ' War ?
Entities:PE Which person did Beyonce record with for the movie The Best Man ?
Entities:PE Who was the lead single in Beyonce 's first solo album in the U.S ?
Entities:LO Under Hitler , Germant was aligned with which country ?
Entities:IN Which standard is related to the materials used in solar water heaters ?
Quantification:MO What are the domestic collections of the Third Terminator movie ?
Description:DE Suggest ways to reduce the high temperatures created in urban heat islands
Entities:TH Name the things used in Concentrated Solar Power systems ?
Entities:PE Name the person who was the closest rival of Schwarznegger in the gubernatorial race of 2003 ?
List:OR What are New York 's top three record labels , apart from Warner Music Group ?
Description:ME By which incident , Tom Robinson did die in the novel ?
Entities:DA When did Universal Music Group 's contract with iTunes lapse ?
Quantification:DI How many kilometers far is Exeter from Plymouth ?
Entities:PE What was the name of elder brother of Schwarzenegger ?
Entities:AB What is the full form of SDK ?
Entities:OR Whats the name of the institution which was known as the Royal Polytechnic Institution previously ?
Entities:OR State the name of the British tabloid that accused Apple of unfair worker conditions in 2006 ?
Entities:DA In what year did the Notre Dame marching band form ?
Description:DE Which kind of ships were based in Davenport ?
Entities:EN BBC became a major player in which sector because of the shows that it creates ?
Entities:WE Which website surveyed life of iPods ?
Entities:OR Name the company that ended its deal with Apple 's music store in July of 2007 .
Entities:TH What secondary weapon in Twilight Princess is similar to a weapon featured in previous games ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of girls in the top 10 on season 12 of American idol ?
Entities:TH What bridges the dungeons ?
Quantification:NU The figure in numbers of the people watching a broadway show in 2012-13 ?
Entities:IN Which religions were discouraged and their place of worship closed ?
Entities:EN Which solo album did Beyonce release in 2003 ?
List:TE Which technologies are used to capture solar energy characterized as ?
Quantification:SI What is the height in feet of the proposed statue of Schwarzenegger ?
Entities:TH Which structure at Notre Dame was constructed by brother of John Zahm ?
Quantification:NU Schwarzenegger won the 2003 California recall election by how many number of votes ?
Entities:LO Which US city is its biggest media market ?
Entities:AC What punishment was often given to black males for perciebed sexual contact with a white woman , at the time of the novel 's setting ?
Entities:OR Which public radio station in New York has the highest number of listeners ?
Entities:IN Mention the name of the OS that exclusively supports iPhone SDK made games .
Entities:LO Mention the street name where the University of Westminster is located .
Description:DE What is the speciality of Notre Dame marching band ?
Entities:TE What connection interface was dropped for charging and data transfer ?
Entities:LO Name the location that provided a base for flying boats .
Entities:DA When did Michael J. Shea graduate from Notre Dame ?
Quantification:RA Which position does Plymouth hold in the list of the most populated cities of the UK ?
Entities:EN State the genre of Twilight Princess ?
Entities:PE Mention Link 's form in the Twilight Realm ?
Quantification:NU How many Grammys did beyonce win ?
Quantification:RA Which spot did Dangerously in Love achieve on the Billboard Top 100 ?
Description:DE Name some active solar techniques used to harness solar energy ?
Entities:BO Name the cultural association that wanted to build a Terminator statue ?
Entities:TE How does photovoltaics system turn light into electricity ?
Quantification:PE Indiacte the vote percentage of Schwarznegger 's opponent Bustamante
Entities:TH What does Ganondorf destroy that belongs to Midna ?
Entities:PE By whome , Tom 's jury did comprise ?
Entities:DA When was the iTunes Wi-Fi Music Store launched ?
Entities:DA When was Apple sued for issues relating to its battery life ?
Entities:IN What is the extension used by iPod game files ?
Entities:TH Which river flows adjacent to HMNB Davenport ?
Entities:EN Name the Notre Dame fight song
Description:DE Name the force that used Sunderland flying boats out of Devonport .
Entities:PE Name the Notre Dame men 's basketball player with record for most points in one game
Entities:PE Name the musician who wrote music for Notre Dame Victory March
Entities:EN Twilight Princess inherits the control scheme introduced in what game ?
Entities:DA When iTunes store start selling video games ?
Entities:PE How does Link attack in wolf form ?
Entities:PE Who worked on Notre Dame projects that eventually created neoprene ?
Entities:TH What does Link gather to complete each area ?
Entities:TE Give an example of a passive solar technique ?
Entities:OR The engineers who watched the BBC broadcast were the employees of which company ?
Description:DE Which factor has influenced the design since the beginning of architectural history ?
Entities:IN Mention the translation for ' Congregation of Holy Cross ' in Latin .
Quantification:NU Tom was shot how many times ?
Entities:DA When was the iTunes Wi-Fi Music Store introduced ?
Entities:IN Give aclassic example of passive solar design ?
Entities:TH Which Apple products can run iPhone SDK generated apps ?
Entities:PE What was the name of the man behind iPod color scheme leak ?
Entities:WE Name the website that criticized Apple 's battery life claims .
Quantification:NU What is the number of male workers who were present in Plymouth Dock circa in 1712 ?
Entities:PG Whom did Notre Dame 's football team inspire from ?
Entities:OR What is the name of the military organization that was based in Devonport until 1914 .
Entities:DA When did Notre Dame Victory March get copyrighted ?
Entities:PG Which dynasty took control of the region in 710 ?
Entities:OC Which position was held by Michael Foot in government ?
List:TH Name the 2 main weapons of Link
Entities:DA When was the main library in Notre Dame constructed ?
Entities:IN What are Hostile spirits called ?
Entities:LO Where was Beyonce 's elementary school located ?
Quantification:NU Number of professional sport leagues who have their headquarters rooted in new york ?
Quantification:NU How many color options are available for iPod Touch ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of state secondary schools in Plymouth ?
Quantification:MO How much did Apple have in cash in 2007 ?
Entities:PU Which comic book character was modeled on Schwarzenegger ?
Entities:TH Which Apple product supported images ?
Entities:DA When did Lobund at Notre Dame become an Institute ?
Entities:PE Who threatened to start working to recall Schwarzenegger immediately after he was elected ?
Quantification:NU What is the capacity of Notre Dame Stadium ?
Quantification:PE How much percentage of Notre Dame students feel they are Christian ?
Quantification:TE What is the approximate reduction in city temperatures in degree celsius , a program in Los Angeles believes it can do with $ 1 billion ?
Entities:AN Which animal is tasked with killing Atticus ?
Quantification:AG What was the age of Schwarzenegger when he started bodybuilding ?
Entities:DA On what date did BBC move to satellite broadcasts due to delays ?
Quantification:NU How many public schools does NYC have ?
Entities:EN What was planned by the KKK at Notre Dame in March 1924 ?
Selection:TF Tell us whether apple SDK is available to third-party game publishers
Quantification:NU As of 1733 , what was the poulation of Plymouth Dock ?
Entities:DA When did Notre Dame football begin ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of attacks that comprised the Plymouth Blitz ?
Quantification:NU Guess the number of newspaper offices located within New York .
Entities:DA On what date did Baird stop to show its programs on BBC ?
Entities:PO Name the piece of legislation to which Michael Foot contributed ?
Description:DE What control can be used while targeting that allows the player to switch to automatic targeting ?
Entities:OR Which station was the first to show programs in colr ?
Entities:PG Name the characters that attack village
Entities:PE Name the character that enemies can detect from a greater distance than in previous games ?
Entities:DA When was the original iPod released ?
Entities:DA In which year did Crusaders invade Constantinople ?
Quantification:NU Give the yearly potential of solar energy ?
Entities:PU Name the famous comic book writer who worked with Schwarzenegger on the Governator .
Entities:DA When was the Lobund Institute merged into the Department of Biology ?
Entities:LO During the decade succeeding the war , a largde portion of the BBC moved to which studios ?
Entities:EN Which saturday night sketch did Schwarzenegger refer to when he called opposition politicians girlie men ?
Quantification:NU What is the frequency of Catholic mass per week in Notre Dame ?
Entities:IN What does Atticus killing the rabid dog signify ?
Entities:TH Which devices support video games ?
Entities:OR Name the organization/company that announced the status of Keeping Up Appearances as the most exported BBC show ?
Entities:IN Which program is used to move files between iTunes and an iPod ?
Quantification:NU What is the work force strength in New York 's food processing industry ?
Entities:LO Name the parish in which HMNB Davenport was located .
Entities:OR Who jointly hold the record for most Heisman tropies along with Notre Dame ?
Quantification:NU How many civilians were killed in the Plymouth Blitz ?
Entities:PE Give the nickname of Ronal Regan
Entities:OR Name the channel that sometimes showed Tom and Jerry in the mornings .
Entities:OR Michael Foot became a leader of which party ?
Description:DE What transmissions did British fear could provide guidance to the German air force ?
Description:ME What methods are used to convert sunlight into electricity ?
Entities:IN What other form of Link is slower than the wolf form ?
Quantification:PE What was percentage iPod revenue share in Q2 of 2007 ?
Description:DE What does Link collects ?
Quantification:NU What were the number of pins in pre-Lightning dock connecter ?
Entities:DA What year saw a rise in iPod sales ?
Entities:PE Name the developer of Eddy Street Commons
Description:RE Give a reason why solar energy an appealing source of electricity ?
Entities:EN Name the WWII film that was based on a true story whose script Schwarzenegger announced that he was going through .
Quantification:NU As of 2011 , what was the population of Plymouth unitary authority circa ?
Definition:EN Define solar ballon ?
Entities:DA Schwarzenegger held a special election in 2005 in which month ?
Quantification:NU Mention the number of chapels on Notre Dame campus
Entities:PE At Finch 's house , food is prepare by whom ?
Entities:AT Which game was included on the first iPod ?
Quantification:NU How many albums did ' Survivor ' sell during its first week ?
List:IN What kind of non Apple applications enable communication between iTunes and an iPod ?
Entities:PE The person who helped Hart in writing was ?
Entities:TH What was the other important import , aparrt from coal and grain in Plymouth in the 18th century ?
Entities:IN What is the major religion in Southern Europe ?
Entities:PG Whom does Notre Dame compete against in the Jeweled Shillelagh ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of homes that were destroyed in the Plymouth Bitz ?
Entities:EN In which film did a parody of the Win one for the Gipper speech appear ?
Entities:LO Name the town in which Michael Foot birth took place ?
Entities:BO Universal 's conract with which entity ended on July of 2007 ?
Entities:BO Many people who were working in the BBC ended up in serving which part of the military ?
Entities:IN What form does Link take when he enters the Twilight Realm ?
Entities:TH Link assists Midna in collection of what ?
Entities:PE Who was the leader of iPod 's original design group ?
Entities:PE By whom biography of Harper Lee if has written ?
Entities:PG During English Civil War , which faction received the support from Plymouth ?
Entities:PG Name the empire which restored Persian control of the region ?
Entities:PO Which Programme estimated the annual potential of solar energy in 2000 ?
Entities:PE Name the person who wrote With Wings as Eagle 's screenplay
Description:CE What effect does sunshine have on a solar ballon ?
Entities:PE What is the name of the person who was speculated to have wrote the book instead of Harper Lee ?
Quantification:NU What was the number of ballot initiatives of Schwarzenegger that were defeated in 2005 special election ?
Quantification:NU What franction of student body at Notre Dame is catholic ?
Entities:PE Name of Atticus Finch 's sibling is ?
Quantification:NU Estimate the number of specialized highschools in NYC.
Entities:TE Name the mechanic that allows one button to serve many functions
Quantification:RA Where does Notre Dame stand in numebr of students in the College Football Hall of Fame ?
Entities:TE Which technology replaced firewire on iPods ?
Entities:PE Name the author of the 1943 Plan for Plymouth .
Entities:IN Which medium makes the BBC 's signall reach the transmitter ?
Quantification:NU In 1971 , what was the reported population of Plymouth ?
List:OR Name 2 New York-based national newspapers .
Description:DE Name the final thing that was shown on the BBC before it ceased to operate due to the war .
Entities:PE Name BBC2 's first controller .
Description:ME Give the role of sun 's energy to help limit climate change ?
Entities:PE Mention who attacks Link and Midna when they 've finished their collection tasks ?
Entities:DA Plymouth 's involvement with the Atlantic Slave Trade took place in which Century ?
Quantification:TI For how much time was Beyonce depressed ?
Entities:OR The look of the first iPod was inspired from which radio ?
Entities:OR Which company introduced iPod interface in its cars ?
Description:ME The energy security can be increased by solar energy using what method ?
Entities:DA In 2011 , when was it announced that Schwarzenegger 's movie projects would be on hold ?
Entities:TN What first used Glauber 's salt heating system ?
Description:DE To which market solar ballons use is limited to ?
Entities:PE Who was chosen as chief of staff by Schwarzenegger ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of Plymouth 's residents who work in defense ?
Entities:AW Name the nusic hall at Notre Dame .
Entities:PE Who is there at Scout Tease and humiliate 's house ?
List:EN List the games of iPod other than Brick .
Entities:EN what is it called when two new York teams are competing against each other in the World Series
Description:DE What is the name of the security feature that determines if files moved to a computer can be played ?
Quantification:MO How much did the movie Goldmember gross ?
Description:DE Which understanding is capture due to the children 's non-judgmental attitude ?
List:PG Name the New York 's two national Basketball team .
Entities:PE Which famous football player played at Notre Dame from 1916 to 1920 ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of new houses that were constructed annually between 1951 and 1957 in Plymouth ?
Entities:PE Name the Notre Dame men 's basketball coach in 2014
Entities:PE Who was a former comrade to Ted Striker in the film Airplane ! ?
Entities:PU Name the document that suggested the elimination of country boroughs ?
Description:DE In which way did most people mistakenly remember the last broadcast as having ended ?
Quantification:NU How many institutions does the City University of New York system comprise of ?
Description:DE Which type of programs were favored by Attenborough ?
Entities:TH Name the weapon that can transform Link back to his original self ?
Entities:DA When did Schwarzenegger become the youngest person to win the Mr.Olympia 's title ?
Quantification:NU How large was the storage capacity of the original iPod ?
Quantification:NU Give the number of people living in Tajikistan ?
Quantification:MO Name the costs lowered by solar energy ?
Entities:TH What is Link 's primary weapon ?
Entities:PO In the '60s what movement did the nvel help spark ?
Quantification:TI For how long did Gurian edit the Review of Politics at Notre Dame ?
Entities:PE Against whom did Schwarzenegger run in 2006 gubernatorial election ?
Entities:DA When was Notre Dame 's Main building destroyed by fire ?
Quantification:NU How many communities were using the book as part of their reading programs by 2004 ?
Entities:PE Who is the author , did Lee aspire to be like ?
Entities:IN Give an alternate for the phrase "hidden feature " .
Quantification:RA Mention the minimum version of iTunes is required to transfer purchased media from an iPod to an authorized computer
Entities:AT What was the drawback in audio output of 3rd gen iPods ?
Entities:PE Against whom did Knute Rockne tell his team to win one for the Gipper ?
Quantification:MO What was iPod revenue share in Q2 of 2007 ?
Quantification:NU What is the total number of houses that were built post war til 1964 in Plymouth ?
Entities:PE Whom did Pat O'Brien portray in the film Knute Rockne ?
Entities:PE When Charles Lamb was children , who does his speculate ?
Entities:LO Name the county which Plymouth unsuccessfully attempted to see created ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of TVs that were made between between 1936 and the start of the war in 1939 ?
Entities:AB What is the full form of AI?
Entities:DA On what date did both audio and video get braodcasted for the first time ?
Quantification:NU The count of major professional sports leagues who at some point were situated in new york ?
Entities:DA When was the original iPod launched ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of state grammar schools that are based in Plymouth ?
Quantification:MO How should the cost of incentives for producing solar energy be considered ?
Entities:EN Name the film that featured sylvester Stallone as Schwarzenegger 's co-star for the first time ?
Entities:LO Where can performances be done at no cost in Central Park ?
Entities:PU Which Notre Dame publican 's editor was Thomas Stritch ?
Entities:LO Gavin Newsom was the mayor of which city when he said Schwarzenegger was turning democrat ?
Entities:PE Name Notre Dame 's president in 1879
Entities:IN Over social standing , both authors values to what ?
Quantification:TI How much time did it take to implement riding horses in a believable manner ?
Entities:AT What was the hidden game in the first iPod ?
Entities:LO Give the location of Dushanbe ?
Entities:AT Are folders in which files are located in iPod , hidden or visible ?
Entities:AT What was causing iPod nano 's heating problem ?
Entities:PE Who portrayed Knute Rockne in the 1940 movie Knute Rockne ?
Entities:DA In which year was the Civic Centre built ?
Quantification:NU NYC is home to how many magazines ?
Entities:PE Name the Secretary of State who attended Notre Dame
Entities:DA When did Plymouth 's county status end ?
Entities:AW What did Mariel Zagunis famouly win ?
Entities:EN Name Beyoncé 's first solo album
Entities:EN Name a game whose enemies have more rudimentary programming than those in Twilight Princess ?
Entities:IN What is the source of Zoras ?
Entities:LO Which location marked an end to the last battle for Plymouth ?
Description:CE How will solar energy affect the price of fossil fuels ?
Entities:EN What is the fifth film in the Terminator franchise ?
Description:CE In the early 20th century , the development of solar technologies was slowed by which factors ?
Entities:PE Name the artist Beyonce was married to .
Entities:BO Schawrzenegger was speculated by the people to try for which political office in 2010 ?
Entities:DA When did rebuilding of Notre Dame 's main building begin after the fire accident ?
Entities:PE The expelled positions were replaced by whom ?
Selection:AL The Ewell 's are considered as rich or poor ?
Entities:EN Name the games that came on Ipod after Bricks .
Entities:OR Who is the manufacturer of iPod HiFi ?
Entities:TE Which kind of OS can access hidden files on iPod ?
Entities:PE Name the character of Ronald Regan in 1940 's Knute Rockne
Description:DE What is the English heritage status possessed by the Civic Centre ?
Entities:BO Who proposed the recognition of Plymouth as a unitary council ?
Entities:DA What is the date on which BBC retured to the air after World War II ?
Description:DE What is done by enemies to defeated companions ?
Entities:DA The construction of Drake 's Fort took place in which year ?
Description:DE What does Link help Midna in collecting ?
Quantification:NU Mention the number of pins in pre-Lightning dock connecter ?
Entities:IN To which popular music player was Apple 's new product compared to ?
Entities:OR Whom did Notre Dame hire to build a parking structure outside of Eddy Street Commons ?
Description:PA What factors make the amount of usable solar energy differ from the amount near the planets surface ?
Entities:DA Terminator Genisys debuted in which year ?
Description:RE Why have Vinters adopted solar technology ?
Entities:DA According to a report in 2011 , from when could solar energy provide a third of the world 's energy ?
Entities:PE What is the name of the author who claimed that Schwarzenegger is power-obsessed ?
Entities:AW Name the Science hall at Notre Dame .
List:AC Which are the teo factors did Lee demonstrate intensified prejudice ?
Quantification:PE What is the percentage of degree holders among Manhattan residents ?
Entities:TE What is the architectural style of Basilica of the Sacred Heart at Notre Dame ?
Entities:SP Name the sport played by Schwarzenegger that led him to a trip to gym where his love of weightlifting sparked .
Entities:TE Are files retirieved from iPods automatically or manually ?
Entities:DA Mention the tenure of Theodor Hesburgh as the president of Notre Dame
Quantification:PE What is the market share of iPod in hard drive-based music player sales since 2004 ?
Entities:OR Name the aircraft carrier that received maintenance at Devonport Dockyard .
Entities:PE Name John B. Kroc 's spouse
Entities:PE Name the current president of Notre Dame
Entities:BO Name the European Parliamentary constituency which Plymouth is a part of ?
Entities:DA Which year did the Manhattan Neighborhood Network begin ?
Entities:OC Which other career did Beyonce explore after her second album ?
Entities:AT What is more advanced about the enemies in Twilight Princess ?
Entities:PE Who attacks Link and Midna ?
Entities:IS In which region was mainly the expansion of cotton and agriculture ?
Entities:PE Who was the chief of Apple 's hardware engineering team which worked on iPod design ?
Entities:LO What was the place where BBC had its second studio ?
Description:CE What effect geography has on the amount of solar energy available ?
Entities:DA Schwarzenegger spoke at the Republican National Convention in which year ?
Description:DE Which is the primary area of study of Kroc Institute at Notre Dame ?
Entities:PE Who was Harper Lee 's sister ?
Entities:DA When was Laetare medal first awarded at Notre Dame ?
Entities:PE What is the name of Schwarzenegger 's father-in-law ?
Description:DE Which education was pursued at Notre Dame before switching to national standards ?
Entities:DA Which year was set as the deadline by Schwarzenegger for California to show a reduction f 25 % in emissions ?
Entities:DA Apple faced multiple intellectual property lawsuits in which year ?
Quantification:PE How much precentage of undergrads live on the campus at Notre Dame ?
Quantification:PE What is the overall music player market share of iPods ?
Entities:IN What is displayed at Zahm House for Notre Dame 's football home games ?
Entities:TH Which Apple produced iPod accessory is out of production now ?
Entities:DA Mention the year by which most of the army presence in Plymouth was gone .
Entities:PE Name the person who was elected from Sutton and Devonport constituency in 2015 ?
Entities:PE Name the character that was aired on the day the BBC restored its broadcasting .
Entities:PG What is the group that was joined by Attenborough while he was on sabbatical ?
List:PG Name the empires and dynasties that have also ruled over this land ?
Description:DE What does Link require to return to human form ?
Quantification:RA What was the rank of iPod among various computer products in 2006 ?
Entities:OR Who was the manufacturer of the hard drives on first iPods ?
Entities:OR Which automobile company provides iPod support as a standard feature in their offerings ?
Entities:TE Name the process that can increase solar energy in areas further away from the earth 's equator ?
Entities:EN Name the anti-drug music video under the Reagan administration 's sponsorship in which Schwarzenegger appeared ?
Entities:DA When did Notre Dame begin to host the Global Adaptation Index ?
Entities:EN Which 2007 animated movie features Schwarzenegger as the President of the United States ?
Entities:PE Which character helps Link dismount Ganondorf ?
Entities:DA By what date did military operation end in Rasht Valley ?
Entities:AC By which addiction Mes . Dubose suffers ?
Entities:OR Name the new college founded in 1921 at Notre Dame .
Entities:TH Which generation of iPod Classic introduced games like Mahjong and Tetris ?
Description:ME What was the peak US market share of iPod in 2005 ?
Entities:PG Name the military unit that is based in Plymouth
Entities:OR All Plymouth 's MPs belonged to which political party as of 2015 ?
Entities:LO Which city started receiving BBC signals in 1949 ?
Quantification:NU How many New York students go for higher education ?
Description:DE What can be used to discern Link 's reaction and mood ?
Entities:PE Midna is saved by whose sacrifice ?
Entities:OR Which company collaborated with Apple on user interface design of iPod ?
Entities:LO What is the address of London Center of Notre Dame ?
Entities:DA On what date was the broadcasting by the BBC under the name BBC One started ?
Entities:Lo In 1930 , what was the location of BBC 's transmitter ?
Entities:DA In which year 's preseidential election did Schwarzenegger make a name for himself as a prominent republican ?
Description:DE Which other cultures has ruled the area ?
Entities:DA Shwarzenegger became a neutralized citizen of the United states in which year ?
Entities:PE Which president of Notre Dame was named in 1919 ?
Description:DE What was Apple accused of in 2005 ?
Entities:LO Open Tennis championship is hosted by which borough of New York ?
Entities:TE Name the green technology that was installed by Schwarzenegger at home to reduce his carbon footprint .
Entities:MO Name the largest library in the United States .
Quantification:NU In how many languages To Kill a Mockingbird has been printed when it first came out after one year ?
List:OR Which companies other than Apple were named in the suit filed by Pat-rights ?
Quantification:MO In 2006 what was the worth of Time Warner Center ?
Entities:DA When was the HP edition of iPod unvieled ?
Entities:PU Name the text that first recorded the presence of a settlement in Plymouth .
Entities:DA Specify the time when Beyonce started becoming famous
List:OR Mention the country names that use chancellor to denote the head of government .
Entities:IN Mention the common name to reference the mural created on Theodore M. Hesburgh Library ?
Entities:PU Which publication praised iPods for revolutionizing music players ?
List:EN Name some shows that attenborough created with BBC Natural History Unit .
Entities:EN What was the format in which BBC 's first new bulletins shown ?
Quantification:NU Mention the number of Grammy awards won by Beyoncé 's first solo album .
Description:DE What gives Link the control over his transformations ?
Description:DE Which guarantee did ceasefire provide ?
Entities:LO Where does the Band of the Fighting Irish march to the football home games start ?
Entities:EN The capital of which sports is NYC
Entities:IN What was the font name before iPod Mini release ?
Entities:TE Name the most developed Concentrating Solar Power technologies ?
Description:CE How does cloud coverage affect the amount of solar energy available ?
Entities:PE Name the candiadate with whom Schwarzenegger appeared at a presidential campaign rally .
Entities:AB What is the full form of DRM ?
Entities:LO Name the city which was the territory of Tajikistan during the Neolithic and the Bronze Age ?
Entities:LO Schwarzenegger is also a citizen of which country other than the U.S ?
Entities:BO Give the government type of Tajikistan ?
Entities:DA When did the Greenhouse Gas initiative go into effect ?
Entities:DA Name the event where Nintendo previewed the horseback riding feature .
Quantification:MO What were Apple 's profits in 2007 ?
Entities:MO Name the second largest library in the United States .
Quantification:NU How many languages has To Kill a Mockingbird been printed in till now ?
Entities:LO Give the geographic coordinates of Tajikistan ?
Entities:PE Pat-rights sued Apple on whose behalf ?
Entities:DA When was the first college Basketball championship held in NYC
Entities:AB What is the full form of HP ?
Entities:DA Domesday Book was compiled in which year ?
Entities:OC What was Beyonce interested in as a child ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of Plymouth 's words that elected two councillors ?
Entities:IN By mid 1950 's , BBC broadcasted which type of image ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of different areas that were accommodated by BBC One with customized broadcasting ?
Entities:LO Where is Link taken by Midna after he acquires the Master Sword ?
Entities:DA When was the 6th gen iPod Classic released ?
Description:RE What is the reason land availability has an effect on solar energy ?
Quantification:PE What fraction of Notre Dame students are children of amlumni ?
Entities:PE Which candidate was finally endorsed by Schwarzenegger in the 2008 Republican primary ?
Entities:OR Which law school did n't accept the curricula at Jesuit college ?
Description:CE Which power station caused the power outage ?
Entities:IN Name the pollutant that Schwarzenegger addressed in his 2006 executive order .
Entities:PE What is the name of Truman Capote 's father ?
Entities:IN Which is the library system in Queens ?
Quantification:NU Up til today ,how many copies has To Kill a Mockingbird sold ?
Entities:OR Name the company that sued Apple for breach of a music jukebox patent in 2005
Entities:PE Who allegedly saw Virgin Mary in 1858 in Lourdes France ?
Entities:LO FDNY headquarters are located in what borough ?
Entities:LO Where did Apple first recall iPods due to high volume levels ?
Entities:PO Name the Plymouth-area settlement recorded in the Domesday Book .
Entities:DA In which year did Beyonce become a solo singer ?
Quantification:NU What is the strength of Plymouth council ?
Quantification:NU What is the name of the frequency band on which the BBC broadcasted in the 1950s ?
Description:RE Why is concentrated solar power system used ?
Entities:DA When did Apple sell 100,000,000 iPods ?
Entities:LO What is the country of origin of Akiko Komoto ?
Quantification:MO How much of Apple 's revenue was generated from desktop computers in Q3 of 2007 ?
Entities:PE Who was fought with Mirror of Twilight prior to Zant ?
Entities:IN What font was used in 6th gen iPod Classic and 3rd gen iPod nano ?
Definition:EN What is the meaning of 'TAMAR I OSTIA' ?
Entities:PE Whose hiring was protested as a part of the construction at Eddy Street Commons ?
Quantification:NU What was the increase in the number of people in Plymouth unitary authority from 2001 to 2011 ?
Entities:DA When did the civil war take place ?
Description:CC Give the similarity between Concentrating Solar Power technologies ?
Entities:PE Who withdrew from the presidential race in 2008 January ?
Entities:PE Who was the new head coach of Notre Dame football team appointed in 1918 ?
Entities:LO Which city hosted the 2009 SAE World congress
List:LO What are the two countries that signed the Treaty of Pyrenees ?
Entities:IN Name Brookly n 's public library system .
Quantification:NU What is the number of the copies of the book have been sold ?
Entities:TE Which Apple technology allegedly breached Pat-rights patent ?
Entities:DA How long was Knute Rockne head coach of Notre Dame football team ?
Entities:TH Which statue is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building ?
Quantification:NU What was the market share of HP-branded iPods ?
Quantification:NU Name the most common christian denomination in the western part of southern Europe ?
Entities:DA In which decade did BBC Natural History Unit come into existence ?
Entities:DA What is the year in which Plymouth was recognized as a town ?
Entities:LO Which place did Beyonce grow up ?
Quantification:PE Every year , what fraction of Plymouth council is elected ?
Entities:EV Mention the name of the event at which the iTunes Wi-Fi store was launched .
Entities:OR In 1960 , to what name was the name of the BBC changed ?
Description:DE What sound does link make while attacking ?
Entities:LO What was Ganondorf 's location after Zant 's defeat ?
Entities:PE After whom was the LaFortune Center Notre Dame named ?
Entities:PE Who oversaw the design and implementation of the iPod user interface ?
Entities:DA On which date did BBC change its studios for the first time ?
Entities:OR Name the organization that purchased the Waldorf Astoria hotel in NYC in 2014 .
List:PG Name the different kingdoms and people that called Tajikistan home ?
Description:DE Name the two major issues on which McCain and Schwarzenegger publicly agreed ?
Quantification:NU How many wins did Knute Rockne secure as a head coach ?
List:PO Name the article , section and clause of the U.S constitution that requires its presidents to be natural-born citizens .
Entities:LO With which region in the U.S did California partner with on the Regional Greenhouse Gas initiative ?
Entities:LO New York Public Library serves which city apart from Staten Island and the Bronx ?
Description:RE What effect time has on the amount of available solar energy ?
Quantification:NU In 2006 , number of people to finish the New York marathon ?
Entities:TH Give the name of the interface component that Apple attempted to patent in 2005 ?
Description:DE Were the terms and conditions that led HP to leave the iPod market favourable or unfavourable ?
Entities:LO State NASDAQ street address .
Entities:DA Mention the year in which Parliament bestowed a Charter on Plymouth .
Entities:LO Which French city is twinned with Plymouth ?
Entities:OR Who was the main competitor of the BBC ?
Entities:LO Where did Beyonce move to after she left her first elementary school ?
List:EV What kind of programs might be given precedence over standard BBC programming ?
Description:DE Which threat is studeid by Global Adaptation Index ?
Quantification:NU How many people work in NYC 's fashion industry ?
Entities:PE Name the character whose body is used as a proxy by Ganondorf in order to fight Link ?
Entities:DA When was HMNB Davenport established ?
Entities:IN iPod software is based on what ?
Quantification:MO How much income did tourism generate for New York in 2014 ?
List:PG Name the empires and dynasties that ruled this land ?
Entities:PG In a report in 2010 , who awarded Schwarzenegger with the title of one of the11 worst governers ?
Quantification:TI What is the period of validity of TV license fee after which the people are required to remit it ?
Entities:DA When did a team with Knute Rockne at helm win the Rose Bowl ?
Entities:PE Who gave the girls their first record deal ?
Entities:OR Name the newspaper that claimed in 2013 that Schwarzenegger was considering a presidential campaign .
Description:RE Give the reasons for concerns in 2010 ?
List:IN Specify the type of educational institute Hesburgh is given credit for creating at Notre Dame
Entities:PU Which book was formed from the Public figure 's impressions of the novel ?
Entities:DA a while back NYC conducted a Superbowl for football in this year ?
Entities:DA In what year did Apple receive a decision on its attempt to patent rotational user inputs ?
Entities:PE What was the name of Chief Financial Officer of Apple in July of 2009 ?
Definition:EN What is Notre Dame 's Grotto ?
Entities:DA Jazz got its fame in NYC during which decades
Entities:PE Who oversaw the creation of a science hall at Notre Dame in 1883 ?
Entities:PE Who was the first woman MP in the British Parliament ?
Entities:DA When was the UK 's first TV show broadcasted ?
Entities:PG Name the R&B group in which Beyonce was the lead singer
Entities:DA When did Plymouth twin with Plymouth in the United Sates ?
Entities:PE Name the notable slave trader who was based out of Plymouth .
Entities:EN Name Beyoncé 's second solo album
Entities:PE What character has the most voice dialogues ?
Entities:DA When was Croatia admitted to the Euroean Union ?
Description:ME What does Link use to switch between his two forms ?
Entities:LO Name the country which lies to Tajikistan 's east ?
Description:DE What is the issue with Tajikistan 's freedom of the press ?
Description:ME What does Link use to express emotions ?
Entities:OR Where did Michael Dorf serve as a law professor ?
Quantification:MO In July 2007 when 450 Park Avenue was sold what was its cost per square foot ?
Entities:TH What is at the top of the Main Building at Notre Dame ?
Entities:DA When was the season finale of the show Idol aired ?
Entities:LO From which constituency was Nancy Astor elected ?
Entities:EN Name Beyonce 's breakthrough album
Entities:PE Who bestowed Plymouth 's first Lord Mayor ?
Entities:DA In which year did BBC Japan begin its Broadcasting ?
Entities:OC Specify Beyoncé 's first acting job
Quantification:NU Mention the strength of new admits in Notre Dame in fall 2015 .
Description:RE What makes Plymouth sound like a site of Special Scientific Interest ?
Entities:PG Name a Scottish soap opera .
Entities:EN In 2005 , BAFTA was awarded to which reality series ?
Entities:LO Name the only known gateway between Twilight Realm & Hyrule ?
Entities:DA When did the initial degrees get handed out at Notre Dame ?
Entities:DA When was the special edition of iPod released ?
Quantification:NU Manhattan houses how many hotel rooms ?
Quantification:TI What was the duration of the war ?
Quantification:RA How much was the approval rating on the day Schwarzenegger ended his time in office ?
Description:DE With respect to media , which are the things government does not tolerate ?
Entities:AW Which position did Thomas Blantz have at Notre Dame ?
Entities:PU Which book compiled Adults ' impressions and their impressions as children about the novel ?
Entities:PE Name the president of Notre Dame in 1934
Entities:PU Name the patent over which Creative asserted its ownership
Entities:DA Which month and year did Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing ?
Entities:PG Name the New York rooted Women 's National Basketball Association team
Entities:PO Black American Literary canon is specified by what cultural development ?
Entities:DA Plymouth became a city on which date ?
Entities:IN Scout 's pink cotton penitentiary is known by which another name ?
Entities:PE Name the manager of Destiny child 's group
Quantification:NU What is the number of councillors who choose the Lord Mayor ?
Entities:OR Name the first station that was launched after the original BBC ?
List:LO Which city exists on the other side of Middle Devonian limestone , one side being Plymstock ?
Quantification:PE how much did the ticket revenue of broadway increased in percentage from 2012-13 to 2013-14 ?
Entities:LA What is the language for which BBC Scotland provides programming ?
Description:CE What made BBC Telivision move into the BBC Vision unit ?
Entities:LO Johnny Mercer was the representative of which parliamentary constituency ?
Entities:DA What year did Tajiks start being part of the Soviet Army ?
Description:DE What was the nickname of the controversy around Schwarzenegger 's first gubernatorial campaign ?
Entities:EV Which event is not covered by local media ?
Quantification:AG How old was Schwarzenegger when he became a millionaire ?
Entities:DA When did Notre Dame have its earliest female undergraduate ?
Entities:PE Name the person that chastised Scout for the way she dresses and accused her of ruining her family name
Entities:DA Which century marked the end of Plymouth as a vital trading port ?
Entities:BO Which entity was requested by Creative for an investigation into Apple importing their devices to the US ?
Quantification:NU Tell the frequency with which Notre Dame 's the Juggler published ?
Entities:PE Who placed Beyonce 's group in Start Search talent show ?
Entities:IN What kind of music was eminent in New York during the decade of 1949s ?
Quantification:MO What is worth of New York 's annual chocolate exports in USD ?
Entities:DA When did Plymouth get its first Lord Mayor ?
Entities:LO Where did Beyonce grow up ?
Entities:PG Who selects the Deputy Lord Mayor ?
Entities:OR What is the name of the third network that was started in the UK ?
Entities:OR Which Notre Dame institute was a consequence of work on a germ-free-life ?
Entities:LO Which northern location of the city possesses granite ?
Entities:PO Which program of Gaelic is well-known ?
Entities:DA What is the year in notable law was passed by the Parliament that resulted in the building of fortifications in Plymouth ?
Description:RE Why the water from a water stabilisation pond may be unsuable ?
Entities:DA In which year did BBC start exploring the use of internet streaming ?
Entities:TH What was the color of U2 iPod ?
Entities:PE What is the name of the person who spoke on the BBC when it resumed after World War II ?
Entities:AB Give the full form of NCAA
Quantification:RA Mention the version of iTunes that contained the leaked photos of new iPod colors
List:TE Name some techniques used to improve crop production ?
Quantification:NU What number of Tajik troops fought against Germany , Finland and Japan during WWII ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of women who spoke out publicly about Schwarzenegger 's misconduct ?
Quantification:NU Specify the number of female dorms at Notre Dame
Entities:IN Acess to which websites are blocked ?
Entities:OC What did Tomboy Scout becomes after growing up ?
Entities:OR Which institute had an exchange program with Notre Dame in 1960s ?
Entities:PE For legal professionals Atticus Finch is a model of what ?
Entities:EN Which film adopted Independent Women Part I in its soundtrack ?
Entities:AT Apple failed to patent what feature ?
Entities:OR Name the daily student paper at Notre Dame
Entities:PG Which empire restored Persian control of the region ?
Entities:TE What approach in arts got fame in New York in 1950s ?
Entities:SP During the 1930s , Baseball played in the city streets was also called as what ?
Entities:PO In 1967 , name the parish that was incorporated into Plymouth ?
Entities:EN Name Beyonce 's first solo album
Entities:PE What is the name of incumbent Lord Mayor of Plymouth ?
Entities:LO The city 's public school system is run by which department ?
Description:CE What was the cause behind the BBC2 's missed broadcasting on its scheduled launch date ?
Entities:TH Name the river which was used to ferry granite from Dartmoor to Plymouth .
Entities:EN Which Northern Ireland show broadcasts over the entire United Kingdom ?
Entities:DA When is solar power expected to become the world 's greatest source of electricity ?
Entities:TH Ganondorf transform into which form ?
Quantification:SI What is the size of the LaFortune Center at Notre Dame ?
Entities:IN Which type of media did the U2 iPod include ?
Entities:TH What was the most advanced version of iTunes as of mid-2015 ?
Quantification:PE How much percent of Tajiks were killed during the war ?
Entities:OR Name the newspaper that broke the story about alleged sexual misconduct by Schwarzenegger ?
Entities:LO Name the smalled nation in the central Asia area ?
Entities:AC Name the earthquake that contributed to the success of Schwarzenegger 's business
Entities:DA Specify the tenure of Edward Malloy president of Notre Dame
Entities:DA In which year was a statue of Atticus build in Alabama ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of student news papers found at Notre Dame ?
Entities:IN In 1970s , a new form of music rose from new york , name it .
Quantification:NU Wall street received how many investment banking fees in 2012 ?
Entities:DA Name the decade during which hip hop dance form started to emerge in New York ?
Entities:DA When was Beyonce born ?
Entities:IN Mention the program that offers a Master of Education degree at Notre Dame ?
Entities:LO What is the street address of the Lord Mayor 's residence ?
Entities:OR In which Times magazine top 100 list did Beyonce appear ?
Entities:PE Who discovered Beyonce 's musical prowess ?
Entities:LO Name the region in which Middle Devonian limestone was quarried alongside West Hoe and Radford .
Description:DE What must be the contribution of other content producers for BBC programming ?
Quantification:NU What is the strength of undergraduate batch of 2014 at Notre Dame ?
Entities:DA When will solar power become world 's largest source of electricity ?
Entities:EN Name the BBC show that has been sold outside of the country most of the times as of early 2016 .
List:OR Name the two companies that use the AAC format for music files
Entities:LO What is the location of world 's largest solar power plant ?
Entities:PG Special edition iPod 5G is dedicated to which band ?
Entities:AN Which bird is not harmful anytime , according to Miss Maudie ?
Quantification:NU What was the record breaking number of visiting tourists of New York in 2014 ?
Entities:OR Name the publication that ranked New York first in American Cities of the Future 2013
Description:CC Which fields were not developing as fast as other Soviet Republics ?
Entities:TH Schwarznegger was accused by a woman of trying to remove which clothing item ?
Entities:TH Which mountain range runs through Tajikistan ?
Quantification:MO At what price did Schwarzenegger buy his first apartment buiding ?
Quantification:TI How long did the switch to national standards at Notre Dame take ?
Quantification:NU What was average SAT score at Notre Dame when Edward Malloy became president ?
Entities:PG In 2008 ,Harper Lee was given a membership to what ?
Entities:PG The NFL team along with new York jets which is rooted in New York
Entities:DA When did Creative and Apple make an agreement over their intellectual property issues ?
Entities:DA When did student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame ?
Entities:LO Name the city in US which is also considered as fashion capital of the world .
Entities:AC Various forms of what trait the novel explores ?
Entities:DA Mention the release date of Beyonce 's first solo album
Entities:LO What was the location from which the first TV show in the UK was broadcasted ?
Entities:AB Give Beyonce 's full name .
Entities:PE What is the name of the person who gave Lord Mayor 's official residence to Plymouth ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of high schools for gifted students in NYC ?
Entities:OR Who declared beyonce as most dominant woman musician ?
Entities:TH Name the local stone that is used in construction of many Plymouth buildings
Entities:EN Name the popular american show that was shown on the BBC .
Entities:LO Which desert has the world 's largest solar power plant ?
Quantification:NU Approximately , what is the number of sales of Keeping up Appearances that have been made to non-British buyers ?
Entities:TH Mention the color of special U2 iPod model
Entities:DA When did the Suffolk Street location start to house a Notre Dame facility ?
Quantification:TI What is the approximate number of days when the temperatures are over 77 F in Plymouth in an year ?
Entities:LO In which city is the Royal and Western Infirmaries located ?
Quantification:MO State the assesed value of all property in New York in 2015 .
Entities:EN Which was the first show seen on the BBC ?
Description:CC What distinguished different factions from each other ?
Entities:OR Name the magazine that published an interview quoting Schwarzenegger calling marijuana a leaf ?
Entities:LO Mention the place where Notre Dame students and the KKK fought
Entities:OR Name the restaurant chain that was invested in by Schwarzenegger
Quantification:NU How much was the endowment when Malloy became president of Notre Dame ?
Entities:OR During the Late Middle Ages , the Balkan region witnessed which new regime ?
Description:DE Alabama State Bar bestow what on Lee in 2008 ?
Quantification:MO What was the amount of money paid by Apple to Creative as a result of their agreement ?
Entities:AT 3rd gen iPod showed lackluster perfoamnce in which audio range ?
Entities:LO Name the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross
Entities:EN One of the biggest Fashion Shows in the world conducted in New York is named what ?
Entities:PE Name the person under whom Waldemar Gurian receive his tutelage while seeking his doctorate
Entities:DA Mention the decade in which Beyoncé rose to fame .
Entities:LO What is the name of the street in which the Civic Centre office building is located ?
Entities:DA When did the Recording Industry Association of America recognize Beyonce as the The Top Certified Artist ?
Entities:DA Paln for Plymouth was published on which date ?
Entities:EN Name the Austrian telivision show that was shown on the BBC .
Entities:PE What is the name of the leader of BBC Television in 2006 ?
Entities:DA When was less than 1 % of the world 's total grid electricity generated by solar energy ?
Entities:DA Which period marked the occurrence of many struggles for independence or overthrowing prevailing governments ?
Quantification:MO How much revenue is generated annually by the food processing industry ?
Entities:DA When was the U2 iPod launched ?
Entities:TE What feature in headphones could overcome the weak bass response of 3rd gen iPods ?
Quantification:PE By what percentage did the number of hotel rooms in Manhattan rise between 2013 and 2014 ?
Entities:DI Name the drug that the documentary Pumping Iron show Schwarzenegeer using ?
Entities:PE Who became vice-president of Notre Dame in 1933 ?
Entities:DA In which year did Schwarzenegger withdraw from involvement with Planet Hollywood ?
Entities:DA How much annuals funding for research did Notre Dame have when Malloy reached the end of his term ?
Entities:DA In which year To Kill a Mockingbird was first studied in American schools ?
Entities:LO What is the origin of the word Tajik ?
Entities:IN What was the name of the program that Creative joined in order to make iPod peripherals ?
Entities:IN Name the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross ?
Entities:IN Abstract expressionism is also called as ?
Entities:PE Whom was ' The Closer I get to You ' recorded with ?
Quantification:NU Mention the number of iPods sold by late 2009 .
Entities:DA Which year was the New york Daily News founded ?
Entities:PE What was the role of Beyoncé in Destiny 's Child ?
Entities:DA When did the Civic Centre municipal office building become a listed building ?
Entities:OR Which magazine named Beyonce the most powerful female musician in 2015 ?
Entities:PE Who was the writer of Plan for Plymouth ?
Entities:LO National Tennis Center is positioned in what borough ?
Entities:IN Which service was provided by Ceefax ?
Entities:TH Name the largest solar power plant in the world ?
Entities:PE Which person is the moral center of the novel ?
Entities:DA In what year did the Pilgrim Fathers depart Plymouth ?
Entities:AT Which body part of Ganondorf gets the killing blow from Link ?
Entities:OR Which company was in a legal dispute with Apple in 2007 ?
Entities:LO What is the place where people who speak Catalan can be found ?
Entities:TH Which device could overcome the weak bass response of 3rd gen iPods ?
Entities:PE In 1992 , who was elected as president ?
Entities:DA In which year did Beyonce take a hiatus in her career and take control of her management ?
Entities:PE Name the person who sued Scwarzenegger and two of his employees for libel , settling in 2006 ?
Quantification:SI Name the area under sea level ?
Entities:OR Name the successful theme restaurant chain on which Planet Hollywood modeled .
Quantification:NU By what factor did the amount of professors at Notre Dame increase under Malloy ?
Entities:IN Mention the name of the program under which 3rd parties sell iPod accessories ?
Quantification:RA What was the rank given to To Kill a Mockingbird by the American Library Associated on its most frequently challenged books of 2000-2009 ?
Quantification:MO What was the settlement amount paid by Apple to Creative Technologies in the 2006 suit ?
Entities:TH Give the name of oldest structure at Notre Dame
Entities:EV The leading fashion event in New York is called as what ?
Entities:EN Name the 2005 movie that featured Schwarzenegger as himself
Entities:EN Name the first album Beyoncé released as a solo artist
Entities:PE Who gave the basis for Midna 's voice ?
Quantification:MO What was the cost estimated by Plymouth council to refurbish the Civic Centre municipal office building ?
Description:ME What was Beyonce 's description of herself regarding feminism ?
Quantification:TI Mention the decade in which Lobund of Notre Dame become independent
Entities:LO Name the street that was intended to connect Plymouth Hoe and the railroad station .
Entities:DA In which year was Ceefax launched ?
Description:ME What is the source of revenue for BBC 's non-domestic channels ?
Quantification:MO What did the fibre optic upgrades done in New York City cost Verizon ?
Entities:PE Who was the patent holder of iPod like player ?
Entities:LO Where did Notre Dame Fighting Irish teams participate in in 1982 ?
Quantification:MO In June 2007 what was the cost per square foot of 660 Madison Avenue ?
Entities:TE Name the technique used by French and English farmers during the Little Ice Age to gain more solar energy ?
Description:RE Give the reason why more than half a million people fled ?
Entities:EN Schwarzenegger was promoting which movie when the alleged incident took place ?
Entities:AW Which award did Irvin Abell recieve from Notre Dame ?
Entities:OR Schwarzenegger maintained a partial ownership in which investment firm ?
Entities:PU Name the publication that praised iPod for enabling people to listen to thousands of songs on a portable player ?
Entities:DA In what year did John Jenkins become the president of Notre Dame ?
Entities:DA In which year To Kill a Mockingbird was first studied in American schools ?
Entities:PE What is the name of a bodybuilding idol of Schwarzenegger who died in 2000 ?
Entities:SP New York Rangers play this sport
Entities:PE Who live at Fatima House at Notre Dame ?
Entities:DA In what year did Beyoncé release Dangerously in Love ?
Quantification:TI What percentage of iPods stopped working ?
Entities:TH What replaced Ceefax in the modern times ?
Entities:TH Name the largest photovoltaic solar power plants
Entities:DA In which year did BBC vision change back to BBC Telivision ?
Quantification:NU The count of restaurants in NYC ?
Entities:LO Where did Kane Kramer apply for his patent ?
Quantification:NU What is the name of the frequency band that was used by the BBC in 1936 ?
Entities:AT What was responsible for the weak bass response in 3rd gen iPod ?
Entities:PE Name the troops stationed along the border ?
Entities:DA In which year did To Kill a Mockingbird win the Pulitzer Prize ?
Entities:PU Schwarzenegger 's publicist and aide used which paper , according to Richardson to discredit her ?
Definition:EN Give the meaning of Tajikistan ?
Entities:DA When did Time rate Beyonce among the 100 most influential people in the world ?
Entities:LO Where is the Arnold 's Sports festival conducted every year ?
Quantification:RA What is the rank of Jon Jenkins in chronological order as president of Notre Dame ?
Quantification:RA What was the rank given to To Kill a Mockingbird by the American Library Associated on its most frequently challenged books of 2000-2009 ?
Quantification:MO What is the market share of iPod ?
Entities:DA The decade in which Broadway Musical started ?
Entities:OR What are the third party companies required to do for using the dock connector ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of Plymouth 's representatives in the Parliament ?
Entities:OR Name the church in which Beyonce was a member and soloist in the choir .
Entities:IN Specify the type of Parker Elementary School .
Description:CE What is crushed by Ganondorf ?
Entities:DA Which century marked the beginning of the Renaissance ?
Entities:DA When did Kane Kramer apply for his patent ?
Quantification:NU Estimate the number of tourists who visited New York in 2013 .
Entities:IN Which audio range could be manipulated in pre 2007 iPods ?
Entities:LO Give the location of stationing of French Troops since September 11,2001 ?
Entities:DA When did Austria outlaw the death penalty ?
Entities:PE Who is telported by Midna ?
Entities:PE According to Father O'Hara , for whom did Notre Dame football team play ?
Entities:OR Name Schwarzenegger 's film production company
Entities:PE Name the prime minister of Tajikistan ?
Description:DE In the late 19th century , how did the Jadidists establish themselves as ?
Entities:DA In which year the first major controversy was surfaced from the book ?
Entities:MO what is the home of new York jets called
Entities:DA In what year did the iPod become leader in digital music device sales ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of BS level degrees offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame ?
Entities:PG In middle ages , by what name is the Eastern Roman Empire called by the contemporary scholars ?
Entities:PU Name the magazine that placed the iPod on its Best of the Decade list for the 00 's
Quantification:NU What is the number of lines that made up the picture on Britain 's earliest TV broadcasts ?
Entities:PE What is the name of the person who was rumored to have written the book instead of Lee ?
Entities:LO From which country is Devon separated by River Tamar ?
Quantification:NU Give the number of records Beyoncé sell as part of Destiny 's Child
Entities:IN Which type of Koppen climate classification does Plymouth possess ?
Entities:TH Name the satellite from which BBC 's signal was sent .
Entities:DA When was the crystalline silicon solar cell constructed ?
Entities:TH What is destroyed by Midna ?
Entities:TH What was the name of the device that Kanne Kramer patented ?
Entities:OR Name the first college of Notre Dame
Entities:OR Which real estate broke the record set by Park Avenue ?
Entities:PE Name the members of British Royalty who appeared on the BBC in May 1937 ?
Entities:TH Which river flows on the west of Plymouth ?
Entities:PE The purges of Soviets was directed by whom ?
Entities:PE Give the location of the main base for the Tajikistan air force ?
Entities:PE Name the member of Austrian parliament who wanted Schwarzenegger to lose his Austrian citizenship ?
Quantification:NU What is the increase in Notre Dame undergrad student body during Rev. Cavanaugh tenure as president ?
Entities:OR Which publishing company partenered with Schwarzenegger in Fitness Publications ?
Entities:TH Spevify the name of the arena constructed under John Jenkins at Notre Dame .
Entities:LO Where did did Beyoncé 's father work when she was a child ?
Entities:EV The novel was heavily criticized for being a plot device for which event ?
Quantification:MO What was the market share of iPod in January 2007 ?
Quantification:NU How many of the top 10 zipcodes with the most expensive housing prices in US lie in Manhattan ?
Entities:DA When was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed ?
Entities:OR The new york thoughtfare affliated with broadway musicals along with broadway is ?
Entities:IN What period of music closes with the onset of iPod ?
Entities:TH Rivers Plym and Tamar merge into which water body ?
Quantification:NU How many records did Beyoncé release in her own name ?
Entities:OR Which major retailer sold HP-branded iPod devices ?
Quantification:TE How much temperature in degrees Farenheit is recorded on an average over a year in Plymouth ?
Quantification:AG Mention the age of Beyonce when she met LaTavia Robertson
Description:DE Give the evolution of photovoltaic in the past 20 years ?
Entities:PE Who began a library at Notre Dame ?
Entities:OR Which company was in a patent dispute with Apple in 2007 ?
Entities:DA In which year did Royal Naval Engineering college closed its operations in Plymouth ?
Entities:OR What is New York 's advertising industry popularly called ?
Quantification:MO How much profit did Apple turn in 2007 ?
Entities:PE Name the owner of Waldorf Astoria .
Description:RE Give the reason why US troops visit Tajikistan often ?
Entities:DA First law restricting greenhouse gas emissions was associated with which date ?
Entities:DA Between which years was the region under Tibetan empire and the Chinese ?
Entities:TH Name the restaurant that was opened by Schwarzenegger with his wife .
Entities:DA Between which years was the uprising against the Khanate of Kokana ?
Description:DE Along with attorney 's fee reimbursement , what other condition did Schwarzenegger 's initial divorce petition fail to provide ?
Entities:PE Who offered land to Father Edward Sorin ?
Entities:PE Name the true ruler of Twilight Realm ?
Entities:LO Where in Notre Dame were repective studies conducted prior to the establishment of the College of Engineering ?
Entities:LA People of Macedonia speak in which language ?
Entities:PG What did Germanic people replace Western Roman Empire with ?
Entities:PE Who was associated with Beyoncé 's premiere solo recording ?
Entities:SP which sport has it 's two teams in the same area among the five ?
Entities:PE What was name of Harper Lee 's mother 's maiden ?
Entities:DA In which year did Plymstock join the unitary authority of Plymouth ?
Quantification:NU Specify the number of Grammys won by Beyonce
Entities:DA Which month sees the lowest temperatures of Plymouth ?
Entities:PE Name Beyonce 's first dance instructor .
Definition:EN Define Solar cell ?
Entities:EV Name the even where a potential follow-up to The Wind Waker was mentioned .
Entities:PE What was the name of precursor to iPod ?
Entities:DA When was the distorted bass issue in iPods resolved ?
Description:DE Where does Link keep his projectile when not moving ?
Quantification:NU What was the number of soldiers killed in September when Islamic militants escaped ?
Entities:EN Name the album that was darker in tone from her previous work
Quantification:RA Which generation of iPod Nano introduced game support ?
Entities:AW Mention the previous name of O'Shaughnessy Hall of Notre Dame
Quantification:NU Give the total worldwide energy consumption in 2012 ?
Entities:AN Symbolically , according to Edwin Bruell , killing a mockingbird is killing what ?
Entities:PG Name the congregation that was in charge of Old college at Notre Dame
Entities:PE Name the actress who claimed that she was also in an affair with Schwarzenegger which he was with Shriver .
Quantification:NU Mention the number of departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering ?
Quantification:PE What percentage of Apples revenue in Q1 2008 came from iPods ?
Entities:TH Which connector was originally required to transfer data to iPod ?
Entities:IN What was promoted by iPods that prompted a big change in the music industry ?
Entities:AW What prize was created by Frederick Buechner ?
List:PE Name of Scout 's two primary female models are ?
Entities:LO What are the parts of the UK that have more control over their broadcasts of BBC ?
Entities:TH Name the estuary east of Plymouth that is a part of River Plym ?
Entities:PU Who named Beyoncé as the most powerful female musician for 2015 ?
Quantification:SI Between 17 and 19 december 2010 , how much snow , in centimeters fell on Plymouth ?
Entities:LO When right tools are used , which area could get free BBC broadcasts from Astra2 D
Entities:PE Who was the founder of first solar cell ?
Entities:IN Name the genre of BBC Japan .
Entities:PO In the 1860s , close to which settlement were the forts of Palmerston bilt ?
Entities:PE What was the name of the previous patent holder for iPod like player ?
Description:CE Which EQ presets caused bass distortion ?
Description:RE Why did French and English farmers build fruit walls ?
Entities:LO Which city is known as New York 's " Chocolate District " ?
Entities:PE Who was the president of Notre Dame in 1947 ?
Entities:EV In what program , Reader 's Digest included to kill a Mockingbird ?
Entities:OR Name a major university that began issuing iPods to all incoming freshmen starting in 2004 .
Entities:TH Which structure is found on the location of the original church of Father Sorin at Notre Dame ?
Entities:IN Which word is used to describe an aortic valve with two leaflets ?
Entities:DA Mention the year in which Schwarzenegger 's brother died .
Entities:DA When did the College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses at Notre Dame ?
Quantification:NU what is the number of institutions of culture and art in new york city ?
Entities:TE Which technological development led resulted in elaborate stage productions ?
Description:RE What caused the division of the UNO into regions ?
Entities:IN Which era ended with ease of collecting singles on iPods ?
Entities:DA In which year did Plymouth Breakwater open ?
Entities:TH Name the Apple device that can sync with iTunes via the phone network .
Entities:PG In which band did Beyonce 's younger sibline work together with her ?
Entities:DA What is the other hottest month in Plymouth apart from August ?
Entities:EN Which choir did Beyonce sing in for 2 years ?
Entities:PE The first solar cell using silver selenide in place of copper oxide was created by whom ?
Entities:DA What is the birth date of Arnold Schwarzenegger ?
Quantification:NU Mention the number of halls at Notre Dame that house students
Entities:PE Who is credited for the name of iPod ?
Entities:TH Which river flows on the east of Plymouth ?
Entities:PE Name of person who has the only biography of Harper Lee is ?
Quantification:TI What is the number of years for which Pymouth was under siege during the English Civil War ?
Entities:OR Which company has a combined annual revenue of roughly US$ 21 billion with Interpublic Group ?
Quantification:TI Till how many weeks did To Kill a Mockingbird remain on the bestsellers list when it won the Pulitzer Prize ?
Entities:IN Greek is also called by which name ?
Entities:LO Name the place where Link works as a ranch hand ?
Entities:OR Apart from Lobund Institute for Animal Studies , which other institute did Cavnaugh create ?
Quantification:NU Mention the number of records Beyonce sold in her career
Entities:DA When did Schwarzenegger sell Schatzi on Main ?
Description:RE Why did they go to war against Bolshevick ?
Entities:IN Mention the term used in some countries to describe select universities that lay stress on technological education in applied science and engineering
Entities:DA What is the year in which Schwarzenegger underwent a heart valve replacement ?
Entities:OR Which school was built in 1899 at Notre Dame ?
Entities:BO Who provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame ?
Entities:DA When did iPod sales started declining ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of parks in Plymouth ?
Entities:OR Which organization previously oversaw the London interbank offered rate ?
Entities:IN Name the only department that does n't offer a doctoral program
Entities:LO Name the island that is present in Plymouth sound ?
Entities:DA On what date did BBC announce that It would start using a satellite for signal transit ?
Entities:LO Name the nations that initiated the Age of Exploration following the Reconquista .
Description:RE What is the other reason for provokation of rain Plymouth area , one being convection ?
Entities:AC As a result of issues over rights , shows were removed from which service ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of teams that participate in the Notre Dame Bookstore Basketball tournament ?
Entities:PE Name the creator of crystalline silicon solar cell ?
Entities:PE What middle name does Arnold Schwarzenegger have ?
Quantification:NU The number of restaurants situated in New York ?
Entities:PE The first solar cell was constructed by whom in 1880s ?
Entities:OC What did Vinnie Chieco do ?
Entities:PE What is the name of the person who headed the team that created 'Vision for Plymuth' ?
Entities:IS Where did 6th gen iPods limit the max volume ?
Entities:PE What is the name of the governor of California who was the first governor to be born in a foreign country ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of Spanish speakers in Spain and Gibraltar ?
Quantification:TI Mention the lifespan of Theodore Hesburgh
Entities:DA Which year marked the separation of Schwarzenegger and Maria Shiver ?
List:PE Name the deputy prime ministers of Tajikistan ?
Entities:PE Who helped Beyoncé overcome her depression ?
Entities:PE Who painted painted the inside of the Basilica of the Sacred Heart at Notre Dame ?
Entities:PU Mark Childress compare it to what other book ?
Entities:AT Which part of iPod is non replaceable ?
Entities:OR Name the university inspired from which Notre Dame design its curriculum .
Quantification:NU Mention the number of colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame ?
Entities:AC Similar to the Crusaders , which activity was occuring on the Iberian peninsula ?
Entities:TH Which 3rd generation iPod model has controls only on the earphone cable ?
Entities:PE Name the person that speaks the most in the game ?
Quantification:NU New York is home to how many professional baseball teams
Entities:PG Basketball team for women in NYC is called ?
List:MO US stamps highlighted which two sports stadiums of NYC ?
Entities:LO Where are the loyal sons in Notre Dame Fight Song marching to ?
Quantification:SI How much area in squaremiles comes under Unitary authority of Plymouth ?
Entities:PG What is the ethnicity of Beyonce 's father ?
Entities:IN In what other season , apart from winter are Atlantic depressions most prevalent ?
List:OR What are the names of the two specific broadcasts that were suspended on Sky Digital ?
Description:DE What is the use of concentrated sunlight in different CSP systems ?
Entities:TH Which type of storage repalced hard drives on iPods ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of terms for which Schwarzenegger serve as the governor of California ?
Entities:EN Which movie inspired the name of Apple 's music player ?
List:OR Name the 2 highest advertising agencies in the world that are located in NYC.
Entities:DA On what date did the BBC stop their broadcasts because of World War II ?
Quantification:NU How many times did the operating budget increase in Theodore Hesburgh 's tenure ?
Quantification:NU What was the cost of Prive jet bought by Schwarzenegger in 1997 ?
Entities:LO on which street is new york fire department headquarters located ?
Entities:DA When was the Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes at Notre Dame constructed ?
Entities:TH Which bone of Schwarzenegger got fractured while he was on ski trip in 2006 ?
Quantification:NU Give the number of BA majors the College of Arts and Letters at Notre Dame offers
Entities:MO Which NYC building has the highest market value ?
Entities:AC Which program was created at Notre Dame in 1962 to assist first year students ?
Entities:PG Name the empire that was destroyed by the Sack of Constantinople ?
Entities:OR Give the full name of school at Notre Dame .
Entities:PE Give the name of the character that provides helpful information to Link ?
Entities:TH Name an item that owners of iPods may also purchase
Quantification:SI How many meters high is the highest point in Plymouth Unitary authority ?
Entities:IN Indiacte the religion of Beyonce in her childhood
Entities:LO The Training Academy of Fire Departnent resides where ?
Quantification:SI What is the normally recorded rainfall in inches in Plymouth every year ?
Entities:DA On what date was the BBC news ' 50th anniversary broadcasted ?
Description:DE Name the things used in Concentrating Solar Power systems ?
Entities:LO Name the specific area of gameplay that was nӴ covered in Ocarina of Time ?
Entities:LO Which location as cited by Ptolemy is believed to have been located near modern Plymouth ?
Entities:PE Name Beyonce 's spouse
Entities:DA When was Rome conquered ?
Entities:PE Who originally owned the rights to the iPod name ?
Entities:LO Where did Apple recall iPods ?
Quantification:NU Specify the size of the Notre Dame endowment when Theodore Hesburgh became president
Entities:DA When did Schwarzenegger 's former girlfriend Barbara Outland Baker publish her memoir ?
Entities:LO Which country was created as a part of Uzbekistan in 1924 ?
Definition:EN Give the meaning of the suffix - stan ?
Entities:PE Who was the president of Notre Dame when College of Science ws created ?
Entities:OR Name the organization that declared the First Year of Studies program at Notre Dame outstanding ?
Entities:LA What is the mother tongue of people in Bulgaria ?
Entities:IN Which era was associated with turmoil in Europe ?
Entities:OR Apple was sued for discrepancy in what spec in 2003 ?
Entities:LO Name NYC 's public television service .
Entities:OC What is the designation given to Plymouth Sound , Shores and Cliffs that is special in nature ?
Entities:OR Where did Beyonce 's dather work ?
Entities:DA In which other month , apart from March the winds are the fastest on average ?
Entities:TH Schwarzenegger worked with Coach Bennet to develop which body part ?
Entities:IN The retrospective of BBC 's news broadcasts to commemorate its 50th anniversary was released in which type of media ?
Description:DE Where do we use the heat generated from a Concentrating Solar Power system ?
Entities:PE Which president preceeded John Jenkins at Notre Dame ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of times that Schwarzenegger was awarded the title of Mr. Olympia ?
Entities:TH Which NYC hotel sold for the most money in 2014 ?
Entities:AW Which title in bulidbuilding was called by Schwarzenegger as his ticket to America ?
Entities:DA When were the rights to iPod name transferred to Apple ?
Quantification:NU Specify the max audio output of European 6th-generation iPods
Entities:PE Name the attorney who was consulted by Schwarzenegger to handle his divorce .
Entities:EN After which movie did Beyonce create Sasha Fierce ?
Description:DE According to Baker , what did Schwarzenegger did n't understand when she first met him ?
Entities:DA When did the student union building at Notre Dame get renamed to LaFortune Center ?
Entities:LO Name the airport in which Schwarzenegger 's jet made an emergerncy landing in 2009 .
Description:RE For what do agriculture and horticulture make the most use of the solar energy captured ?
Entities:DA When was the Notre Dame College of Science formed ?
Entities:DA When were doctorate degrees first granted at Notre Dame ?
Entities:DI What is the name of the disease that pagued Europe during the Late Middle Ages ?
Quantification:RA Which generation of iPod introduced USB support ?
Entities:LO Where did Anton-Hermann Chroust come from to reach Notre Dame ?
Quantification:TI What was the real-time battery life of 5th-generation iPods ?
Entities:PE Who are the hosts of BBC Broadcasts outside of England ?
Entities:TH The headlands near Plymouth Sound are formed by which stone ?
Entities:OR Which industry did Beyonce 's mother work in ?
Entities:IN What was the directions in which the buildings built by the Greeks and Chinese facing ?
Entities:IN What is the direction in which most of the winds blow on Plymouth ?
Entities:DA When did Beyonce 's father quit his job to manage her group ?
Entities:DA When did the battle between Drale and Spanish Armada take place ?
Entities:OR Name the independent school in Plymouth
Entities:PG Name the dynasty which took control of the region in 710 ?
Entities:EN What is the 1982 film that gained first fame for Schwarzenegger ?
Entities:LO Name the continent in which first greenhouses were built ?
Entities:EV What is the name of the competition to participate in which Schwarzenegger went to AWOL ?
Quantification:NU What is the employee strength in NYC 's technology sector ?
Entities:EN iPod 's name is a refernce from which movie ?
Entities:LO Give the name of the city 's mayor who initiated a reading program with the book .
Entities:LO Name the city where garment business is prominent .
Entities:LO In which times were the first greenhouses used ?
Entities:DA When was the Paperback of the Year award from Bestsellers magazines was awarded ?
Quantification:NU Which sides have pins on lightning connecter ?
Entities:DA Which was the year that saw no new release of iPod model ?
Entities:PG Which dynasty took control of the region in 710 ?
Quantification:MO What was percentage revenue share of laptops for Apple in Q1 2008 ?
Entities:EV Name the historical event that Baker and Schwarzenegger watched on TV together on their first date
Description:DE Between 1927-1934 , what happened ?
Quantification:SI What is the height of Schwarzenegger as claimed by him ?
Quantification:TI How long was a scientific course under Patrick Dillon at Notre Dame ?
Entities:LO Where does NYC conducts the Amateur Boxing Golden Gloves ?
Entities:AB What is the abbreviation of M.Div. ?
Description:DE How are the genearal reviews of iPods ?
Entities:LO Largest subway system in the world is ?
Entities:IN Whose directions should be followed to interact with iPod batteries ?
Entities:TH Apart from Devonian slate , Middle Devonian limestone and limestone which other stone provides the geological base of Plymouth ?
Entities:PE Which younger sister of Beyonce appeared in Destiny 's Child ?
Quantification:TI What is the number of hours of sunshine that South West Region gets each year ?
Entities:OR Who recorded Beyonce 's group 's first album ?
Entities:OR Name the third grammar schoo that is present in Plymouth apart from Plymouth High School for Girls and Devonport High School for Boys
Quantification:AG What was the age of Schwarzenegger when he won Mr. Universe ?
Entities:TH Name the solar powered car race held every two years ?
Entities:DA In which year did Schwarzenegger fly in an aeroplane for the first time ?
Entities:PE Who is the original proposer of the name "iPod " ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of lines that Marconi-EMI transmission contained ?
Entities:TH What was the first type of connection used to connect to iPod ?
Entities:IN What 's the code name for the new Apple 8-pin dock connector ?
Entities:PE Name the hairdresser 's assistant Schwarzenegger fell for in July of 1977
Entities:DA In which year did Schwarzenegger buy a four-bedroom house for Baena and their son ?
Description:RE Give the reason which forced resettlement throughout Tajikistan ?
Entities:PE To whom Lee has written the notes that helped disclaim this rumor ?
Entities:MO Name the hall that contains the current College of Science .
Description:DE What did Apple originally recommend consumers to buy when iPod batteries malfunctioned ?
Entities:LO Where does the New York Stock exchange lie in NYC ?
Entities:OR Mention the institute that studies causes for violent conflict at Notre Dame ?
Quantification:MO How much revenue did Apple announce for Q3 2007 ?
Entities:PE Nema the Arcadian leader who was an ancestor of Beyonce
Entities:EN Name the song Beyonce won a competion with aged 7.
Entities:LO Name the region in England that gets benefitted from the extension of Azores High Pressure area ?
Entities:OR Who signed Beyonce 's group and later cut them ?
Description:RE Why were funds raised at the Bengal Bouts tournament at Notre Dame ?
Entities:OR Name the Plymouth 's maritime institution of higher education that existed as of 1880 ?
Entities:PE During his acting career , by what nick name did Schwarzenegger go among his co-stars ?
Description:DE What were the much debated areas of knowledge during the Renaissance ?
Quantification:SP Give the average speed in km/h of the 2007 World Solar Challenge 's winner ?
Entities:LO In 1966 , where was the NABBA Mr. Universe competition held ?
Entities:DA Which year was " I ❤ NY" first used in advertisements ?
Entities:TE Alternatively iPods could be charged by ?
Entities:TH Where is the iPod UI displayed in flights ?
Entities:TH Which iPod generation first feature lightning ?
Description:DE Outline the four responsibilities of BBC Telivision .
Entities:LO How was the region named when it was the cultural center of Iran ?
Entities:TN In which event did Schwarzenegger first meet Maria Shriver ?
Entities:DA On what date was Emomalii Rahmom elected as president ?
Quantification:MO Specify the annual budget of Notre Dame 's LaFortune Center
Entities:PU What is the name of the chapter of the book that addresses Schwarzenegger 's extramarital affair ?
Entities:EV Met Life stadium held which SuperBowl
Definition:EN What does the word schatzi stand for when it is literally translated ?
Quantification:NU Mention the number of undergrad students that attend the College of Science at Notre Dame today
Entities:DA When was the first MA course offered at Notre Dame ?
Entities:IN Which file format is not supported by Sony Ericsson and Nokia ?
Entities:TH Which type of battery is used by iPod ?
Entities:LO Times Square Theatre Distruct is also refferred to as what ?
Entities:AT What is the name of the facility that brought the BBC 's transmissions to Birmingham ?
Quantification:TE What was the upper limit of temperature in degrees fahrenheit achied in Plymouth between 1971 and 2000 ?
Description:DE Name a feature common to passive solar architecture ?
Entities:DA When did Schwarzenegger 's second term in the governor 's office end ?
Definition:DE Which event is the World Solar Challenge ?
Entities:PU Which publication praised iPods for its impact on industry ?
Entities:PE In 1966 , which one of his childhood bodybuilding idols did Schwarzenegger meet ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of languages has the book been translated into ?
Entities:LO Which city is Godiva based in ?
Quantification:NU How many buttons are used to control different types of interactions ?
Entities:TH What is the Apple produced iPod accessory ?
Description:RE What is the reason for decreasing interest in solar water heating in the 1980s ?
Entities:PE During story , name of the main female role models for Scout is ?
Entities:PE Name the locale that was used to house imprisoned Parliamentarians after Charles II 's restoration .
Entities:LO Give the name of the region when it was the cultural center of Iran ?
Entities:DA When did Moray make Schwarzenegger choose between her and Shriver ?
Quantification:NU What number of people were expelled ?
Entities:DA In what year was Schwarzenegger 's autobiography released ?
Entities:IN Which name is used to refer to the attacks on Plymouth during the second world war ?
List:IN What are the 4 sound profiles that would distort bass on pre-2007 iPods ?
Entities:DA When did the prime minister get the power to dissolve the parliament in Ireland ?
Entities:LO Renaissance took birth in which city ?
Entities:TH Name the structure beside The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame
Entities:LO where is met Life stadium situated
Entities:DA In which year did the other two British stations started programming in color ?
Entities:IN What software must be used to access files on iPod ?
Entities:PE Who was the last Idol winner whose first album reached the top Billboard spot ?
Entities:OC What is the term for the highest position in government in Monaco ?
Entities:OC Which business did Beyonce 's mother run when Beyonce was a kid ?
Entities:LO In brooklyn , the bureau of fire communications alarm office is located on which street ?
Entities:DA When , specify date and month , did Plymouth see its highest temperature between 1971 and 2000 ?
Quantification:NU New York city is home to how many art galleries ?
Quantification:AG What was Beyonce 's age when she met LaTavia Robertson ?
Entities:OR What title was used to rename the Royal Naval Engineering college in 1959 ?
Entities:PG Schwarzenegger was a member of which political party ?
Entities:DA The World Solar Challenge was started in which year ?
Entities:DA When was the library at Notre Dame started ?
Entities:TE Give an example of passive solar design ?
List:LO What are the two cities that were benefitted greatly by the Crusaders ' activities ?
Entities:OR Name New York 's top speciality food export .
Entities:TH Mention an iPod accessory for exercise .
Entities:DA Between which years was the region under Tibetan empire and the Chinese ?
Entities:IN Specify Maria Shriver 's relation to President John F. Kennedy
Entities:PE Name the replacements of Luckett and Roberson in Destiny 's Child
Entities:MO Name the library that was built in 1963 at Notre Dame
Entities:DA Mention the year in which Schwarzenegger 's wish for a street-legal Humvee was granted by AM General ?
Description:RE What is the reason that it is hard to find the origin of the word Tajik ?
Entities:MO Which building houses the current School of Architecture at Notre Dame ?
Entities:BO Which body had the power to dissolve the parliament in the 1922 Irish Free State Constitution ?
Entities:BO Who inspects restaurants of New York ?
Entities:OR What was the name of brand under which Twilight Princess for the Nintendo Wii was published ?
Entities:TH Which type of rechargeable battery is used by iPod ?
Entities:EN Name the cable television 's comedy channel which has its HQ in New York .
Entities:DA When was the eleventh season of American idol first aired ?
Entities:DA When did Beyonce become a star ?
Entities:PE Name Beyoncé 's younger sister .
Entities:EV What is the collegiate basketball championship held in New York called ?
Quantification:NU Estimate the number of tech sector jobs in New York City .
Entities:PG Name the first group Beyoncé was a part of
Entities:DA Name the year which marked the closing of Dockyard Technical college
Entities:PE The Jadidists viewed whom as their threat ?
Entities:PE Which governor was the predecessor of Schwarzenegger ?
Quantification:SP Give the average speed of 1987 solar powered car winner ?
Quantification:NU What is the number of times that Schwarzenegger won the title of Mr. Universe ?
Description:ME	How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?
Description:ME	How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
Definition:EN	What are liver enzymes ?
Description:RE	Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
Description:DE	What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?
Definition:EN	What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?
Definition:EN	What is an annotated bibliography ?
Description:DE	What 's the Olympic motto ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?
Description:DE	What do Mormons believe ?
Description:ME	How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?
Description:ME	How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
Description:ME	How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
Definition:EN	What is ethology ?
Description:DE	Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
Definition:EN	What is the nature of learning ?
Description:DE	What is the Kashmir issue ?
Definition:EN	What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
Definition:EN	What is titanium ?
Definition:EN	What is a caldera ?
Description:RE	Why do people get calluses ?
Description:RE	What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?
Description:DE	What is the history of skateboarding ?
Description:ME	How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
Description:ME	How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of head lice ?
Description:CE	What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
Definition:EN	What are bear and bull markets ?
Definition:EN	What is `` dew point '' ?
Definition:EN	What is the meaning of Jesus ?
Definition:EN	What is the definition of a cascade ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
Description:DE	What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?
Description:ME	How do you make a paintball ?
Description:DE	Where do chihuahuas come from ?
Definition:EN	What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?
Description:ME	How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?
Description:ME	How do chickens have baby chicks ?
Description:DE	What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?
Description:ME	How was the element calcium named ?
Definition:EN	What is a transistor ?
Definition:EN	What are equity securities ?
Definition:EN	What is gymnophobia ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the word , JJ .
Description:ME	How you can raise your IQ ?
Definition:EN	What is a dental root canal ?
Definition:EN	What are hook worms ?
Description:DE	Where did Indian Pudding come from ?
Description:RE	Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
Description:RE	Why do horseshoes bring luck ?
Definition:EN	What is the 401 , K , plan ?
Description:RE	What causes pneumonia ?
Definition:EN	What does gringo mean ?
Description:ME	How do I start a web based business ?
Definition:EN	What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
Description:ME	How did Jayne Mansfield die ?
Description:RE	What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
Description:ME	How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
Description:RE	What is Betsy Ross famous for ?
Definition:EN	What is `` snoogans '' ?
Description:DE	What is the design of the ship Titanic ?
Description:DE	What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
Definition:EN	What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
Description:ME	How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
Description:DE	What is the filmmakers collabrative ?
Description:RE	What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?
Description:DE	What is the contents of proposition 98 ?
Definition:EN	What is paracetamol ?
Description:AN	What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the name Katie ?
Definition:EN	What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma .
Definition:EN	What is a Canada two-penny black ?
Description:ME	How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?
Definition:EN	What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
Definition:EN	What is molybdenum ?
Description:ME	How do I find the balance of my social security account ?
Description:DE	What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?
Description:ME	How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?
Description:RE	Why is poop sometimes different colors ?
Description:ME	How did the tradition of best man start ?
Description:ME	How is silk screening done ?
Description:ME	How do you match a name to a social security number ?
Description:ME	How does a rainbow form ?
Definition:EN	Hazmat stands for what ?
Description:ME	How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
Description:RE	What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
Definition:EN	Define the Pheonix Club ?
Definition:EN	What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?
Description:ME	How successful is arometherapy ?
Description:ME	How does a copier work ?
Description:RE	What is the function of RAM ?
Description:DE	What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
Definition:EN	What is dry ice ?
Definition:EN	What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
Description:ME	How is energy created ?
Description:ME	How is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
Description:RE	Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
Description:CC	What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
Description:DE	What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
Description:RE	What is Jane Goodall known for ?
Definition:EN	What does the name Billie mean ?
Description:RE	What function does a community 's water tower serve ?
Definition:EN	What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?
Description:ME	How do I tie dye clothes ?
Description:RE	Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
Description:RE	What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
Description:RE	What makes popcorn pop ?
Definition:EN	What are Maid-Rites ?
Description:DE	What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
Description:RE	What caused the Lynmouth floods ?
Description:RE	Why is the grass green ?
Definition:EN	What is a firewall ?
Description:DE	What do economists do ?
Description:DE	What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?
Description:RE	What makes a clitoris sensitive ?
Definition:EN	What is a nanometer ?
Definition:EN	What does `` Janelle '' mean ?
Description:ME	How do I get another city 's newspaper ?
Description:DE	What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?
Definition:EN	What is a wop ?
Description:DE	Where do rocks come from ?
Description:ME	How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?
Definition:EN	What is viscosity ?
Definition:EN	What is a green bog ?
Definition:EN	What 's an auberge in France ?
Description:RE	Why are the ears your center of balance ?
Definition:EN	What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?
Definition:EN	What is the Amish religion ?
Definition:EN	What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
Definition:EN	What is color ?
Description:ME	How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?
Description:ME	How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
Definition:EN	What is a Jellicle Cat ?
Description:RE	Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
Description:RE	What makes a tornado turn ?
Description:RE	Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
Definition:EN	What is artificial intelligence ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the word , magic ?
Definition:EN	What is white chocolate ?
Definition:EN	What does the name Gina mean ?
Definition:EN	What are shooting stars ?
Description:ME	How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?
Description:DE	What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?
Description:ME	How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?
Description:ME	How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
Description:DE	What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
Description:RE	Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?
Description:DE	What does a nihilist believe in ?
Description:DE	What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?
Definition:EN	What are amphibians ?
Description:ME	How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
Description:DE	What is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` Hajo ? ''
Definition:EN	What is Bombay duck ?
Definition:EN	What is a virtual IP address ?
Description:DE	What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
Description:ME	How can I transport files from one computer to another ?
Description:DE	What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832 ?
Definition:EN	What does the Latin ante mortem mean ?
Definition:EN	What does the name Shawn mean ?
Description:ME	How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com ?
Description:RE	Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?
Description:ME	How do I start a bank ?
Description:ME	How do Ouija Boards work ?
Description:ME	How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
Description:ME	How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
Description:RE	Why did the chicken cross the road ?
Description:DE	What is being done about the millennium bug ?
Description:RE	What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?
Definition:EN	What is Olestra ?
Description:ME	How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?
Definition:EN	What is prepared mustard ?
Definition:EN	What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?
Description:RE	What is Colin Powell best known for ?
Definition:EN	What is measured in curies ?
Definition:EN	What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''
Definition:EN	What is Spumante ?
Definition:EN	What is an isthmus ?
Description:DE	What 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?
Description:ME	How do fuel injectors work ?
Description:ME	How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?
Definition:EN	What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
Description:RE	What is the purpose of a car bra ?
Description:RE	What is D.B. Cooper known for ?
Definition:EN	What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?
Definition:EN	What is a rhomboideus minor ?
Description:RE	Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?
Description:RE	Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?
Description:DE	What are the living conditions in Cuba ?
Definition:EN	What are the seven virtues ?
Description:RE	Why were the American soldiers in WWI called `` Doughboys ''
Description:ME	How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
Description:DE	What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis
Description:DE	What is the difference between a median and a mean ?
Description:RE	What makes thunder ?
Description:RE	Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
Definition:EN	What was archy , and mehitabel ?
Description:DE	What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?
Definition:EN	What is Australia Day ?
Definition:EN	What was the Chivington Massacre ?
Definition:EN	What does the word camaro mean , from the GM car the Camaro ?
Definition:EN	What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?
Definition:EN	What is the definition of low island ?
Description:DE	What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?
Description:ME	How do you find oxidation numbers ?
Description:RE	What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?
Definition:EN	What are the Greek numerals ?
Description:ME	How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?
Description:DE	What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?
Description:DE	Where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?
Description:RE	What causes someone to be ticklish ?
Description:RE	Why did several San Diego schools remove apples from students menus ?
Definition:EN	What is `` the washed vodka '' ?
Description:RE	Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
Definition:EN	What is the Immaculate Conception ?
Definition:EN	What is Candlemas Day ?
Definition:EN	What is a pyrotechnic display ?
Description:ME	How do I find out about jobs ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the term `` The Brooklyn Side '' in bowling ?
Description:ME	How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?
Description:ME	How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics ?
Description:ME	How do you get dates with the `` Hooters '' girls ?
Description:ME	How can I get a comic character I made copyrighted and published ?
Definition:EN	What is Plc ?
Definition:EN	What is a hyperlink ?
Description:DE	Where did marijuana come from ?
Definition:EN	What does Elysium mean ?
Definition:EN	What is Shalom ?
Description:ME	How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of thank you notes ?
Description:ME	How do you make panoramic sugar eggs for Easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
Definition:EN	What is the executor in a will ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
Description:DE	What is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?
Description:RE	What prompted the co-pilot of the Enola Gay to enter only `` My God '' in his log ?
Description:DE	What is the history of `` the toast '' ?
Definition:EN	What is an arab strap ?
Description:RE	Why did Egyptians shave their eyebrows ?
Description:RE	What causes rust ?
Definition:EN	What do the names Neil , Mary , and Anthony mean ?
Description:RE	Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
Description:DE	What was the first Funk 'N Lata , Brazilian group , success ?
Definition:EN	What is a handheld PC ?
Description:DE	What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster ?
Description:DE	What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
Description:DE	What happened to Moon Maiden ?
Definition:EN	What are the Urals ?
Description:ME	How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
Description:ME	How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
Description:ME	How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? Will bee eggs remain over winter ?
Description:ME	How do you send a movie transcript to Hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
Definition:EN	What is the Hub of London ?
Description:RE	What causes panic attacks ?
Definition:EN	What was the filling in the first golf balls ?
Definition:EN	What is typhoid fever ?
Definition:EN	What are the Twin Cities ?
Description:RE	Why are there olives in martinis ?
Definition:EN	What is the highest Roman numeral ?
Description:CC	What 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
Description:ME	How is the new Ford Econoline van F25 V1 engine ?
Description:CC	What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?
Definition:EN	What does Venus Retrograde mean ?
Definition:EN	What does Las Vegas mean ?
Definition:EN	What does the word `` meta '' mean ?
Definition:EN	What is graduate school ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza ?
Description:RE	For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples ?
Description:ME	How do you reference a website ?
Definition:EN	What is pandoro ?
Description:DE	What are the words to `` My Way '' written by Paul Anka ?
Description:ME	How do I install a tile floor ?
Description:RE	Why was the zipper invented ?
Description:ME	How did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
Description:DE	What 's the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ?
Definition:EN	What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship ?
Definition:EN	Define cosmology .
Definition:EN	What are amicable numbers ?
Description:DE	Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen 's appearance .
Description:DE	What is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?
Definition:EN	What is a stratocaster ?
Description:ME	How did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
Description:ME	How do clouds form ?
Definition:EN	What is the half-life of P-32 ?
Description:RE	Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
Description:RE	Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
Description:DE	What do Christian Scientists believe in ?
Description:CE	What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
Definition:EN	What is the Home Rule Act ?
Definition:EN	What are Bellworts ?
Description:DE	What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?
Description:RE	Why was Muhammad Ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
Description:RE	What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office ?
Definition:EN	What does the name Kelly mean ?
Definition:EN	What is a phalanx ?
Description:ME	How do storms form ?
Description:DE	What was the proper Laugh-In respones to : `` Say goodnight , Dick '' ?
Definition:EN	What is God ?
Definition:EN	What is a meerkat ?
Definition:EN	What is cache memory ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between jazz and blues ?
Definition:EN	What is the C programming language ?
Definition:EN	What is a ` borrow pit ' ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the atom ?
Description:ME	How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
Definition:EN	What is the meaning of the name Ella ?
Description:DE	What are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
Description:RE	Why are haunted houses popular ?
Definition:EN	What is the virus HIV ?
Definition:EN	What is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?
Description:DE	What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?
Description:RE	Why are there Braille things on the ATM machines that people drive through ?
Definition:EN	What is real time processing ?
Definition:EN	What is the theory of equivalence states ?
Description:CE	What will happen when sodium is put in water ?
Definition:EN	What 's the meaning of UOL ?
Definition:EN	What is the circumorbital hematoma ?
Description:ME	How do I increase my biceps ' size ?
Description:ME	How is the element strontium purified ?
Description:RE	What are tonsils for ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?
Description:ME	How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
Definition:EN	What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?
Definition:EN	What is hebephrenia ?
Description:RE	What were the causes of the Civil War ?
Definition:EN	What are Maid-Rites ?
Description:ME	How can you prevent it ?
Definition:EN	What do the names Andrew and Christina mean ?
Definition:EN	What are perfect tenses ?
Definition:EN	What is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
Definition:EN	What is a bourdon tube ?
Description:CC	What do Caroll Baker , Tammy Grimes , Debbie Reynolds , and Judy Garland all have in common ?
Definition:EN	What is film noir ?
Description:RE	What causes tuberculosis ?
Definition:EN	What are a baseball team 's firemen ?
Definition:EN	What is Head Start ?
Description:RE	Why can 't women serve in the Navy on board submarines ?
Definition:EN	What is saltpeter ?
Description:CC	What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?
Description:ME	How can someone become a federal agent ?
Description:ME	How can you be happy ?
Description:ME	How would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
Description:DE	What did n't Rocky Marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
Definition:EN	What is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?
Description:RE	What is the function of the appendix ?
Definition:EN	What is a Cartesian Diver ?
Description:DE	What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
Description:ME	How do you recognize anorexia ?
Definition:EN	What is the largest variety of cactus ?
Description:RE	Why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
Description:DE	What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
Description:RE	Why did the Anglican church split from the Vatican ?
Description:ME	How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
Definition:EN	What is magnetar ?
Description:DE	What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?
Description:DE	What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?
Definition:EN	What is a Devo hat ?
Description:ME	How does a scientific calculator work ?
Description:RE	Why do we have to go to school ?
Definition:EN	What is Toulmin logic ?
Definition:EN	What is a dangling participle ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the peace symbol ?
Description:ME	How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?
Description:ME	How do I write to my Congressman ?
Definition:EN	What is moxie ?
Definition:EN	What is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
Description:DE	What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
Definition:EN	What is Nitrox diving ?
Description:DE	What happened in the Long March ?
Description:ME	How can I find online spelling ?
Definition:EN	What is a gas release event ?
Definition:EN	What does `` Semper Fidelis '' mean ?
Description:ME	How can I find out my Moon sign ?
Description:RE	Why does a candle need a wick ?
Description:DE	What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth ?
Description:DE	What is the history of yo-yos ?
Description:ME	How does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?
Definition:EN	What is pasta ?
Description:ME	How does psorisis disappear ?
Description:DE	What 's the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle ?
Definition:EN	What is a neurosurgeon ?
Definition:EN	What are amaretto biscuits ?
Description:ME	How do I give a good massage ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
Definition:EN	What is the definition of cosmology ?
Definition:EN	What are manifest and latent function theories ?
Definition:EN	What are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the word Ozymandias ?
Description:RE	Why do men snore ?
Description:RE	What causes `` rolling thunder '' ?
Description:DE	What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?
Description:DE	What does an echidna look like ?
Description:DE	What is the secret of the universe ?
Description:RE	What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly ?
Description:ME	How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle ?
Description:ME	How do I sing like Elvis Presley ?
Description:ME	How do you clean up a cache ?
Definition:EN	What 's the Red Planet ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
Definition:EN	What is tumbled marble ?
Description:ME	How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
Definition:EN	What are the Valdez Principles ?
Description:ME	How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
Description:ME	How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the word assassinate ?
Description:DE	What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10 ?
Definition:EN	What is digitalis ?
Description:DE	What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference ?
Definition:EN	What is `` flintknapping '' ?
Description:RE	What causes canker sores in the mouth ?
Description:DE	What did John F. Kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
Description:RE	What 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta ?
Description:DE	What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?
Definition:EN	What does Tiffany mean ?
Description:RE	Why do magnets attract ?
Description:ME	How do you address a Chinese person ?
Definition:EN	What is the meaning of thalassemia ?
Description:ME	How do I impress a guy ?
Definition:EN	What are the alveoli ?
Definition:EN	What is ethylene ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
Description:RE	Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 software so successful ?
Definition:EN	What is deadrise , nautical , ?
Description:ME	How do I find a city if I have the area code ?
Description:DE	What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
Definition:EN	What is a gandy dancer ?
Definition:EN	What 's the rathaus in Frankfurt ?
Description:RE	What incident caused the canning of a summit conference between Eisenhower and Khrushchev ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
Description:ME	How do you write a book report ?
Definition:EN	What are Cobol , Fortran , and Pascal ?
Description:RE	What is Garry Kasparov famous for ?
Description:ME	How do you measure the heat of the sun ?
Description:RE	Why do some people have two different color eyes ?
Description:ME	How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
Definition:EN	What is a wart ?
Definition:EN	What is spaceball played on ?
Description:ME	How does rabies spread ?
Description:ME	How can you tell if someone is lying ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
Definition:EN	What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?
Description:RE	Why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
Description:ME	How can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
Description:ME	How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?
Description:RE	What caused the Titanic to sink ?
Definition:EN	What is the chemiosmotic theory ?
Description:ME	How does an ion drive work ?
Description:ME	How can I trace my family roots ?
Definition:EN	What is a courier ?
Description:ME	How do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
Description:DE	What happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
Definition:EN	What does e=mc2 mean ?
Description:ME	How do I contact answers.com ?
Description:RE	What causes asthma ?
Definition:EN	What do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on Dr. Pepper bottles ?
Description:ME	How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
Definition:EN	What is a heuristic ?
Description:ME	How did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
Description:RE	Why can 't ostriches fly ?
Description:RE	Why are the rooftops in Canada green ?
Description:DE	In Waugh 's `` A Handful of Dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?
Description:DE	What does Choo Choo Charlie say ?
Description:ME	How do I register a trade name in North Carolina ?
Definition:EN	What is a Jake brake ?
Definition:EN	What does the number 33 on the Rolling Rock beer bottle mean ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the city `` Corpus Christi '' ?
Description:DE	Where does `` bovine '' come from ?
Definition:EN	What is dew point ?
Description:ME	How do you become a dentist ?
Definition:EN	What is multimedia ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?
Definition:EN	What are `` inkhorn terms '' ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
Definition:EN	What does hazmat stand for ?
Definition:EN	What is `` bloodhound '' ?
Description:DE	What are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?
Definition:EN	What is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
Description:RE	Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
Description:RE	Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
Description:ME	How does a glacier form ?
Definition:EN	What does palindromic mean ?
Description:DE	What baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the Atlantic and Pacific before the Panama Canal ?
Description:ME	How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast ?
Definition:EN	What is the Socratic method ?
Definition:EN	What is hypertext ?
Description:DE	What do I need to learn to design web pages ?
Description:RE	Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason ?
Description:RE	Why are lions called `` King of the Jungle '' ?
Description:CC	What 's the difference and advantages of selecting a Super VHS VCR over plain VHS model ?
Description:ME	How do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
Description:RE	Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?
Description:ME	How do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?
Definition:EN	What is Greek pita ?
Definition:EN	What is narcolepsy ?
Definition:EN	What does the name ` Alexandra ' mean ?
Definition:EN	What is leukemia ?
Description:ME	How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
Description:RE	Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November ?
Description:ME	How does marijuana lead to other drugs ?
Definition:EN	What 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
Definition:EN	What is hyperopia ?
Description:ME	How do you pronounce `` Tzimisce '' ?
Definition:EN	What is e-commerce ?
Description:ME	How did names come about ?
Description:ME	How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells ?
Description:DE	What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?
Definition:EN	What does the Greek word polis mean , as in Minneapolis ?
Definition:EN	What is the literal meaning of `` D-DAY '' ?
Description:RE	Why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?
Description:ME	How did the U.S. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the Spanish-American War ?
Definition:EN	What does the name `` Sheri '' mean ?
Description:DE	What do Japanese school uniforms look like ?
Description:ME	How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
Definition:EN	What is swap math ?
Definition:EN	What is hypnotherapy ?
Definition:EN	What is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?
Description:ME	How can I find out my biorhythm ?
Description:DE	What are the words to the song sung by `` Banana in Pajamas '' ?
Description:RE	Why are organ transplants more successful today ?
Description:DE	What is the root of all evil ?
Description:RE	Why does it snow ?
Definition:EN	What is `` Vocal Sampling '' ?
Description:ME	How do windmills work ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the word trigonometry ?
Description:DE	What is Compaq 's mission statement ?
Description:ME	How did Rocky Marciano die ?
Description:DE	What are some fun things to do in Cozumel , Mexico for teenagers ?
Definition:EN	What is the definition of hazmat ?
Definition:EN	What is crabgrass ?
Definition:EN	What is The Gay Science ?
Description:RE	Why is Jane Goodall famous ?
Description:RE	What is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between optical and digital video ?
Description:DE	What clause in the U.S. Constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?
Description:DE	What 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?
Definition:EN	What is a Guild ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between college and graduate school ?
Description:ME	How do I change a file from an ART file to a JPEG or Bitmap file ?
Description:DE	What is Franz Kafka 's short story `` A Country Doctor '' trying to tell us ?
Description:DE	What are the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner ?
Description:DE	What will a compass do in outer space ?
Description:ME	How is water treated to make it safe to drink ?
Definition:EN	What is a hydrogen bond ?
Description:ME	How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?
Description:ME	How do I check if my modem is v.9 compatible ?
Definition:EN	What is a multiplexer ?
Definition:EN	What are the Poconos ?
Definition:EN	What does caliente mean , in English ?
Description:RE	What is Jane Goodall famous for ?
Definition:EN	What is thalassemia ?
Description:RE	Why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?
Description:DE	What is so powerful about Power Bars ?
Description:CE	What happens when a body part falls asleep ?
Definition:EN	What is June 's birthstone ?
Description:RE	Why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the proverb `` A stitch in time saves nine '' ?
Description:RE	Why is Thanksgiving on a Thursday ?
Description:ME	How do telephones work ?
Definition:EN	What is diabetes ?
Definition:EN	What 's a short ton ?
Definition:EN	What is goldenseal ?
Definition:EN	What is the Lost Colony ?
Definition:EN	What is Tetrinet ?
Description:ME	How do you clean an LCD monitor screen ?
Definition:EN	What is amezaiku ?
Definition:EN	What is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?
Description:ME	How do you handle a hungry man ?
Description:RE	Why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?
Definition:EN	What is Zionism ?
Description:DE	What have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?
Definition:EN	What else has the swastika stood for ?
Description:RE	Why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
Definition:EN	What is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?
Description:ME	How did the war of 1812 affect Delaware ?
Description:ME	How do you box train a cat ?
Description:ME	How was Teddy Roosevelt related to FDR ?
Description:ME	How does lightning travel ?
Definition:EN	What is troilism ?
Description:ME	How do you identify prime numbers ?
Description:RE	Why do we call someone `` honey '' ?
Definition:EN	What 's a water funnel ?
Definition:EN	What is a Chinese `` spouting '' bowl ?
Description:DE	What does an emperor do ?
Description:ME	How do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?
Description:RE	What was Al Capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?
Description:ME	How do I find info about rice importers in the world ?
Description:DE	What is the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin about ?
Description:ME	How does hair curl ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the first name ` Breony ' ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of `` Beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?
Definition:EN	What do the 12 days of Christmas mean ?
Description:DE	What 's the last line of Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
Description:RE	How come light bulbs go out ?
Description:RE	For what reason did the Shea & Gould law firm close their L.A. office ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?
Description:DE	What happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?
Description:ME	How do I find out what cities are in a certain area code ?
Definition:EN	What is hydrogen ?
Definition:EN	What is recruitment interview technique ?
Description:ME	How does a hurricane form ?
Definition:EN	What does the donation process entail ?
Description:ME	How do birds have sex ?
Definition:EN	What is Occam 's Razor ?
Description:RE	What are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
Definition:EN	How is thalassemia defined ?
Definition:EN	What is a storm surge ?
Description:ME	How do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?
Description:ME	How is cologne made ?
Definition:EN	What does camera-ready art mean ?
Description:DE	What happened to Phillip Taylor Kramer ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the Christmas tree ?
Description:ME	How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?
Definition:EN	What does the term `` spaghetti western '' mean ?
Description:CC	What are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?
Description:RE	Why is Indiglo called Indiglo ?
Description:DE	What motto ended Merrie Melodies cartoons ?
Definition:EN	What is Cabarnet Sauvignon ?
Definition:EN	What is a virtual IP address ?
Description:ME	How do movie blues screens work ?
Description:ME	How does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
Definition:EN	What was the Vietnam War ?
Definition:EN	What is La Nina ?
Description:RE	Why did the Globe Theatre burn down ?
Definition:EN	What is meant by blood SED rate ?
Description:RE	Why is the development of space so important ?
Description:DE	What is the nursery rhyme Rock-a-by Baby about ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?
Definition:EN	What does Aaron mean ?
Definition:EN	What is a conifer ?
Description:CC	What is different about the red and black fox ?
Definition:EN	What is e-commerce ?
Description:ME	How do I tie a tie ?
Definition:EN	What is chromatology ?
Description:ME	How was the ACLU formed ?
Definition:EN	What are Kythnos , Siphnos , Seriphos and Mykonos ?
Description:RE	Why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
Description:ME	How is Abigail Arcane related to the villainous opponent of the Swamp Thing ?
Description:DE	What did Mighty Mouse always sing as he went into action ?
Description:ME	How did Bob Marley die ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?
Description:ME	How do microwaves work ?
Description:DE	What is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?
Definition:EN	What is the HIGHEST Roman numeral ?
Description:ME	How is digital audio used ?
Description:ME	How is bubble wrap made ?
Definition:EN	What is Java ?
Definition:EN	What is a mathematical factor ?
Description:RE	What made Jane Goodall famous ?
Description:DE	What can be done about snoring ?
Definition:EN	What is porphyria ?
Description:RE	What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state ?
Description:RE	Why does the sun shine only a short time in Alaska ?
Description:ME	How does blood clot ?
Description:CE	What effect does friction have on perpetual motion ?
Description:DE	What is he doing now ?
Description:DE	Where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?
Description:DE	What is it like to experience a near death episode ?
Description:RE	Why didn 't European colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
Description:ME	How do I know someone is truly in love with me ?
Definition:EN	What is literary criticism ?
Description:ME	How do you throw a housewarming party ?
Definition:EN	What does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
Description:DE	What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr. ?
Description:DE	What is the distinction of Erle Stanley Gardner 's The Case of the Terrified Typist ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the word `` amen '' ?
Definition:EN	What is limbo ?
Definition:EN	What is a tonne ?
Definition:EN	What is the Bernoulli Principle ?
Description:CC	What is difference between a poster and a print ?
Definition:EN	What is false consciousness ?
Description:ME	How did the Great Depression affect Japan 's history ?
Description:DE	What are some chemical properties of mendelevium ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?
Definition:EN	What is a First World country ?
Description:ME	How does salt melt ice and snow ?
Definition:EN	What does laser stand for ?
Definition:EN	What is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
Description:RE	What was the reason for the partition of the Anglican and Vatican churches ?
Definition:EN	What is Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8 ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the candy cane at Christmas ?
Description:DE	What happens to used motor oil ?
Description:ME	How did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
Description:DE	What was Nine Tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?
Description:ME	How does the Elongated Man know a mystery is afoot ?
Definition:EN	What is Boston Kreme ?
Definition:EN	What is a swatch ?
Definition:EN	What does Ouija mean ?
Description:DE	What steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
Description:DE	What were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?
Description:DE	Where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?
Description:RE	Why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?
Definition:EN	What is the `` Global Economy '' ?
Definition:EN	What is a caul ?
Definition:EN	What does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
Definition:EN	What is a bone marrow transplant ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
Definition:EN	What is home banking ?
Description:ME	How do hermit crabs reproduce ?
Description:ME	How do you stop junk snail mail ?
Definition:EN	What is hydroelectricity ?
Description:ME	How does an abacus work ?
Description:RE	What causes rust ?
Description:DE	What according to the Kinsey Institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of American males ?
Definition:EN	What is splatterpunk ?
Description:DE	What is the orgin of xoxoxox ?
Definition:EN	What is time ?
Description:ME	How do you get silly putty out of fabric ?
Description:RE	Why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?
Definition:EN	What is a cake of soap ?
Description:DE	What are the lyrics to `` Smelly Cat '' ?
Description:DE	What are the requirements for becoming a citizen of Australia ?
Definition:EN	What is idealab ! ?
Definition:EN	What is Win Rah ?
Description:RE	Why is the moon different sizes and colors ?
Description:ME	How close a cousin was Franklin D. to Theodore Roosevelt ?
Description:ME	How do boats float ?
Definition:EN	What is an urban legend ?
Definition:EN	What is Smartnet ?
Definition:EN	What are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?
Description:RE	What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard ?
Description:ME	How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
Description:ME	How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?
Definition:EN	What is the feudal system ?
Description:DE	What is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?
Definition:EN	What do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the name Igor ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between a college and a university ?
Description:DE	What are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''
Description:ME	How can I get my product licensed by the NBA ?
Description:CE	What effect does a prism have on light ?
Definition:EN	What is software piracy ?
Description:ME	How do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
Description:DE	What are some children 's rights ?
Description:ME	How is the element strontium purified ?
Description:ME	How did Peabody and Sherman travel through time ?
Description:ME	How do you make dumplings ?
Definition:EN	What is the meaning of the name Kathryn ?
Description:DE	What should you do for an ankle sprain ?
Definition:EN	What is thermal equilibrium ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
Description:ME	How is an executioner determined ?
Definition:EN	What is the medical condition of hypertension ?
Definition:EN	What is Doegs ?
Description:ME	How do I find if my relatives were on the Trail of Tears ?
Description:ME	How do you select wine ?
Definition:EN	What is infomatics ?
Description:RE	What is the purpose of BIOS ?
Description:RE	Why did the Shea & Gould law firm leave Los Angeles ?
Definition:EN	What is a pig in a poke ?
Definition:EN	What is a cullion ?
Description:RE	What are the most common causes of death in the U.S. ?
Description:RE	Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?
Definition:EN	What is barnstorming ?
Description:DE	What was the importance of Magellan ?
Description:ME	What do I have to do to get good grades in school ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
Description:DE	What type of childhood did Jules Verne have ?
Definition:EN	What is a leper ?
Definition:EN	What are the `` Star Wars '' satellites ?
Definition:EN	What is a philanthropist ?
Definition:EN	What is a portal ?
Description:ME	How do websites like Yahoo and Excite make money ?
Description:ME	How do they produce vitamins ?
Definition:EN	What does idle mean ?
Description:RE	What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3 , 1939 ?
Definition:EN	What is a serigraph ?
Description:DE	What are the words to the cd Eminem 's , or slim shady , `` My Name Is '' ?
Definition:EN	What is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''
Definition:EN	What is endometriosis ?
Definition:EN	What is a geoscientist ?
Description:RE	From what cause does tuberculosis stem ?
Definition:EN	What is the VDRL test of blood ?
Description:RE	Why is hockey so violent ?
Definition:EN	What is a leaky heart valve ?
Description:ME	How can I give myself a French manicure ?
Definition:EN	What is the definition of the Scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?
Description:ME	How does the car in `` Christine '' become possessed ?
Definition:EN	What are the Low Countries ?
Description:RE	Why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?
Description:RE	Why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?
Definition:EN	What exactly is radiation ?
Description:DE	What exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?
Definition:EN	What does a red flag mean in auto racing ?
Definition:EN	What is osteichthyes ?
Description:ME	How do you do a topic outline ?
Description:ME	How can a foreigner get a U.S. Social Security card ?
Definition:EN	What does the term glory hole mean ?
Definition:EN	What 's the staff of life mentioned in the Lord 's Prayer ?
Description:DE	What do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?
Description:ME	How does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?
Description:ME	How do I get my LAN card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a HUB ?
Description:DE	What do insects do through their spiracles ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of Boxing Day ?
Description:DE	What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries ?
Description:CE	What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?
Description:RE	What 's the claim to fame of night watchman Frank Wills ?
Definition:EN	What is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?
Definition:EN	What does the name Calder mean ?
Description:RE	What makes Black Hills , South Dakota a tourist attraction ?
Description:ME	How can I gain access to a spy satelite ?
Description:RE	What is Archimedes famous for ?
Definition:EN	What is cunnilingus ?
Definition:EN	What is object-oriented design ?
Description:RE	Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?
Description:ME	How does food color affect how you think it will taste ?
Definition:EN	What does verdandi mean ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?
Description:ME	How do you clean badly tarnished brass ?
Definition:EN	How can you define time ?
Description:ME	How is plastic made ?
Description:ME	How do ants have sex ?
Definition:EN	What is a nematode ?
Definition:EN	What is the meaning of `` CPR '' ?
Definition:EN	What is capitalism according to Max Weber ?
Description:RE	Why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
Definition:EN	What does the word affiant mean ?
Description:ME	How do they type Chinese characters on a keyboard ?
Definition:EN	What does the word terrorism mean ?
Definition:EN	What does N est-ce pas mean ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?
Description:ME	How can I get a CCT diagram ?
Definition:EN	What is a plant supplement ?
Description:ME	How do you do a bibliography page ?
Definition:EN	What is an ecological niche ?
Description:DE	Where did the term fireplug come from ?
Description:DE	What facial feature did Walt Disney sport that none of Disney 's employees is allowed to ?
Description:ME	How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
Definition:EN	What is a drought ?
Description:AN	What are the benefits of home school ?
Description:CC	What do Hank Aaron , Jimmy Stewart , and Howard K. Smith have in common ?
Description:RE	Why was Henry Ford 's first automobile calleda Model T & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a Model A ?
Description:ME	How do companies cut paper so thin ?
Description:CC	What is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?
Description:DE	What nuclear process takes place in an H-bomb ?
Definition:EN	What is office automation ?
Description:DE	What does Lloyd 's Lutine Bell announce ?
Definition:EN	What is `` cat scratch fever '' ?
Description:ME	How do wasps make their nests ?
Description:RE	How come a doughnut has a hole in it ?
Description:DE	What happened to Pompeii ?
Definition:EN	What is the definition of a witch ?
Definition:EN	What are the cookies in Internet ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between molecules and compounds ?
Description:RE	Why are so many umbrellas black ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?
Description:ME	How do cameras take pictures ?
Description:RE	Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 such a successful computer program ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
Definition:EN	What is proposition 98 about ?
Description:RE	Why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
Description:RE	What makes salt ?
Description:DE	Where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?
Definition:EN	What is lung cancer ?
Description:RE	Why were red M&Ms discontinued then brought back ?
Description:RE	What causes an earthquake ?
Definition:EN	What does `` saute '' mean ?
Description:RE	Why did the Aztecs first think the Spanish were Gods ?
Description:DE	What are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?
Definition:EN	What is ouzo ?
Definition:EN	What is making love ?
Description:RE	Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
Definition:EN	What is a urologist ?
Description:DE	What qualifications are there for individuals donating blood ?
Description:DE	What is the history of the hairdryer ?
Description:DE	What happened in the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
Description:ME	How do you make a million bucks ?
Definition:EN	What is the definition of spamming ?
Description:DE	What was the infamous feat of Germany 's U-2 submarine ?
Description:RE	Why do many Native American students not complete college ?
Description:ME	How does a bill become law ?
Definition:EN	What is a disaccharide ?
Description:RE	Colin Powell is most famous for what ?
Description:ME	How do you buy stocks ?
Definition:EN	What does appropriates money mean ?
Description:ME	How did former WWF wrestler Rick Rude die ?
Definition:EN	What is a `` False Moon '' ?
Description:ME	How can I get rich quick ?
Description:ME	How is the word ` qigong ' pronounced ?
Description:DE	What is the history of Hot Wheels cars , and how are they produced ?
Definition:EN	What is a `` repeating voter '' ?
Definition:EN	What are dingoes ?
Description:ME	How can I get someone 's email address ?
Description:ME	How did P.T. Barnum bill the diminutive Charles S. Stratton ?
Definition:EN	What are pomegranates ?
Description:RE	Why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?
Description:ME	How do they find an epicenter ?
Description:RE	What did Cool Hand Luke go to jail for ?
Description:DE	What was the V-8 Juice slogan : `` the tastebud '' ?
Description:RE	What makes you fat ?
Description:ME	How do I know if I 'm jealous of someone ?
Description:ME	How does James Bond like his martinis ?
Definition:EN	What is a wet dream ?
Description:DE	What happened to Pepsi Clear ?
Definition:EN	What is a Mexican hairless ?
Description:ME	How did Socrates die ?
Description:ME	How can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?
Description:DE	What is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?
Description:RE	What was the claim to fame of Explorer I , launched February 1 , 1958 ?
Description:RE	In the song `` Yankee Doodle , '' why did Yankee Doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the word nevermind ?
Definition:EN	What is power steering ?
Description:ME	How does a chick breathe inside an egg ?
Description:ME	How do you dunk ?
Description:ME	How do plants make food ?
Description:ME	How did the Hohenzollerns build their power around 17 ?
Description:RE	Why was Washington , DC originally called District of Columbia ?
Description:ME	How do I find a snowboarding website ?
Description:RE	Why do movie and TV stars get paid so much ?
Definition:EN	What is a turnkey contract ?
Description:DE	What are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?
Description:RE	Why is the mile 528 feet ?
Description:ME	How is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?
Description:ME	How does the Nintendo `` Zapper '' work ?
Definition:EN	What is InterLata Internet service ?
Definition:EN	What is the `` fourth dimension '' ?
Definition:EN	What is `` alternative '' anymore ?
Description:RE	Why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?
Definition:EN	What is a biologist ?
Description:DE	What revelation did Alexander Butterfield make to the Senate Watergate committee ?
Description:ME	How can I get started in writing for television ?
Description:ME	How do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?
Description:ME	How can I get in touch with Michael Moore of `` Roger & Me '' ?
Description:ME	How is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?
Definition:EN	What is a `` node '' in computer terms ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the word Marijuana ?
Description:ME	How can SQL queries be improved ?
Description:ME	How do you make a computer chip ?
Definition:EN	What is Linux ?
Definition:EN	What is agent orange ?
Description:RE	Why shouldn 't you remove a bee stinger with tweezers ?
Description:RE	Why did Europeans first come to Australia and Oceania ?
Description:DE	What did the Confederate Constitution say about slavery ?
Description:RE	What problems contributed to the high failure rate of Plains farmers in the 1800s ?
Description:ME	How effective are condoms in protecting against AIDS ?
Description:ME	How can I call a friend in another country when I do not know the telephone number ?
Description:ME	How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of music ?
Description:ME	How does crosstalk relate to InSb thickness in infrared detectors ?
Definition:EN	What does seccession mean ?
Description:DE	What will the weather be today ?
Description:ME	How can I determine the radius of an ellipse ?
Definition:EN	What is the Golden Rule ?
Description:ME	How does color affect a person psychologically ?
Definition:EN	What is sound ?
Description:DE	What are the current immigration laws in US ?
Description:RE	Why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between khaki and chino ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of infinity ?
Description:CE	What are the side effects of mevacor ?
Description:RE	Colin Powell is best known for what achievement ?
Description:RE	Why should cigarette smoking be banned ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the rock band Led Zeppelin 's name ?
Description:ME	How was Lawrence
Description:ME	How do I know if I am pregnant ?
Definition:EN	What 's the meaning of the name Tatiana ?
Description:DE	Where did the name root beer come from ?
Description:RE	Why is Rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?
Description:DE	What 's the state motto of California ?
Description:RE	What function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
Definition:EN	What are the Baltic States ?
Description:ME	How has TV affected our society ?
Definition:EN	What is osmosis ?
Description:DE	What are the seven deadly sins ?
Definition:EN	What does the name Melissa mean ?
Description:DE	What is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?
Description:ME	How can I get someone 's phone number if I only have their screen name ?
Description:DE	What 's the motto of the Boy Scouts ?
Definition:EN	What 's a male `` cuckquean '' ?
Description:RE	What are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in Spartanburg , South Carolina ?
Description:RE	Why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?
Description:DE	What 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?
Definition:EN	What is goulash ?
Description:ME	How does a parachute work ?
Description:DE	What is the history of Spartacus , the Roman slave and gladiator ?
Definition:EN	What is object-oriented design ?
Definition:EN	What does Melissa mean ?
Definition:EN	What is form drag ?
Description:RE	What currents affect the area of the Shetland Islands and Orkney Islands in the North Sea ?
Description:ME	How can I stop or slow down aging ?
Description:ME	How does Cos Cob , CT get its name ?
Description:ME	How did Super President gain his powers on the animated series ?
Definition:EN	What are values ?
Description:RE	What causes blue balls ?
Description:ME	How did the months of the year get there name ?
Definition:EN	What is a glory hole ?
Description:ME	How does it make its colors ?
Description:CE	What would happen to Canada if Quebec separated ?
Description:DE	What is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
Description:DE	What is the weather like on the moon ?
Definition:EN	What are boxcars ?
Description:ME	How do I keep cats out of my flower garden for good ?
Description:ME	How can you tell when figs are ripe ?
Description:ME	How do I love thee ?
Description:ME	How does a hydroelectric dam work ?
Definition:EN	What are binomial coefficients ?
Definition:EN	What was The Living Room War ?
Description:DE	What was Suzy Parker doing to earn $1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?
Description:RE	Why are there letters on the telephone ? Why are there no Q or Z ?
Definition:EN	What is an Angelus ?
Description:RE	What makes sperm ?
Description:ME	How do I know how much money to save for retirement ?
Definition:EN	What does the dot on the letter i mean ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
Description:RE	What is the cause of endangered species ?
Definition:EN	What is the definition of cecum ?
Description:ME	How do I do this ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the word `` Teddy bear '' ?
Definition:EN	What are Fortune 500 companies ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
Description:ME	How do you fix squeaky floors ?
Description:DE	What good are mosquitoes ?
Description:ME	How do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?
Definition:EN	What is the Peloponnesian League ?
Definition:EN	What are tannins ?
Description:ME	How does General Mills manufacture Cheerios ?
Description:DE	What personality traits are Capricorns said to have ?
Description:RE	What caused the death of Bob Marley ?
Definition:EN	What is Sinn Fein ?
Definition:EN	What is Megan 's law ?
Definition:EN	What is usenet for the Internet ?
Definition:EN	What are field effect transistors ?
Definition:EN	What is witch hazel ?
Description:RE	Why is Chicago named Chicago ?
Description:RE	What exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?
Definition:EN	What is an auto-commentary ?
Definition:EN	What is deconstructionism ?
Description:DE	What did Lenny Bruce say that got him arrested ?
Description:RE	Why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?
Description:RE	What are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?
Description:ME	How is saline used in medicine ?
Description:DE	What is the text of the Fifth Amendment ?
Definition:EN	What is the Internet2 ?
Definition:EN	What is the Milky Way ?
Description:DE	What is Remembrance Day all about ?
Definition:EN	What is meant by `` capital market '' ?
Description:ME	In My Antonia , how is Mr. Shimerda out of place on the farm ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between hair and fur ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between love and infatuation ?
Description:ME	How do I find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?
Description:DE	What are the benefits of a rowing machine ?
Definition:EN	What 's a `` coup de poing '' to a French boxer ?
Description:CC	What 's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?
Description:RE	Why does tuberculosis afflict people ?
Definition:EN	What is tyvek ?
Description:ME	How did Asia get its name ?
Description:DE	What can I do to get into an Ivy League school ?
Entities:TH	What is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?
Description:ME	How can people from Ireland come to the U.S. , work , and then return to Ireland ?
Description:DE	What is the history of Buffalo chicken wings ?
Definition:EN	What is humidity ?
Definition:EN	What is yohimbine ?
Definition:EN	What is `` Chicago Hope '' ?
Definition:EN	What category does the color pink denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition ?
Description:RE	What is Margaret Thatcher known for ?
Description:ME	How do I contact Answers.com direct ?
Description:RE	What causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?
Description:DE	What happened to Answers.com ?
Definition:EN	What is the spectrum of a sine wave ?
Definition:EN	What is a person 's socioeconomic position ?
Description:DE	What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?
Definition:EN	What does the name Jenna mean ?
Description:RE	Why do girls have to wear training bras ?
Description:ME	How did Edith Bunker die ?
Definition:EN	Define Spumante .
Definition:EN	What are geckos ?
Definition:EN	What is cosmology ?
Definition:EN	What is habeas corpus ?
Description:ME	How do you use an intranet ?
Description:RE	Why do USA fax machines not work in UK , NNP ?
Definition:EN	What is federal income tax ?
Description:DE	What was the verdict in the 1925 trial of John T. Scopes ?
Definition:EN	What is a common dolphin ?
Description:ME	How is Answers.com funded ?
Description:ME	How do you find the area of a circle ?
Definition:EN	What do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?
Definition:EN	What was the `` Dead Man 's Hand '' ?
Description:ME	How do I find a web address for a company ?
Description:DE	Where did the marriage ceremony come from ?
Description:RE	Colin Powell is famous for what ?
Definition:EN	What is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?
Definition:EN	What are faults in the earth 's crust ?
Definition:EN	What was an `` Asiento '' ?
Description:DE	What kind of greeting is appropriate to send on Yom Kippur ?
Definition:EN	What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
Definition:EN	What is Srpska Krajina ?
Description:ME	How was the Kennedy money made ?
Description:DE	What does Esa-Pekka Salonen look like ?
Description:ME	How did water appear on the earth ?
Definition:EN	What does Robert mean ?
Description:ME	How do anti-locking brakes work ?
Description:ME	How does the chain of command work inside an US army Apache helicopter ?
Definition:EN	What is a hormone ?
Definition:EN	What is fellatio ?
Description:RE	What characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?
Description:ME	How were the days of the week named ?
Definition:EN	What is fiber in food ?
Description:RE	Why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?
Description:RE	What is the S&P 500 used for ?
Definition:EN	What does `` Philebus-like '' mean ?
Definition:EN	What is nuclear proliferation ?
Description:RE	Why do you say `` God bless you '' when people sneeze ?
Description:RE	Why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
Definition:EN	What does `` E Pluribus Unum '' on the penny mean ?
Description:CC	What 's the difference between TFT and dual-scan display ?
Definition:EN	What is the English meaning of caliente ?
Definition:EN	What does the word `` opera '' mean ?
Description:ME	How do you ask questions ?
Description:ME	How can you become an FBI agent ?
Description:DE	Where did the energy for the Big Bang come from ?
Description:CC	What is the difference between the Koran and The Bible ?
Definition:EN	What is idealab ! ?
Description:RE	What caused the division between the Anglicans and the Vatican ?
Description:RE	Why was Curious George curious ?
Description:ME	How did U.S.A become involved in the Barbary Wars
Description:DE	What do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
Description:RE	What causes headaches ?
Description:ME	How can I enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .
Description:RE	What is the claim to fame of Agra , India ?
Definition:EN	What is the Order of the Arrow in Boy Scouts ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?
Definition:EN	What is an aurora ?
Description:RE	What made the short-lived Star Hawks strip so unique ?
Definition:EN	What was the Long March in China ?
Description:CC	What do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?
Description:CE	What effect does LSD have on the brain ?
Definition:EN	What is a horologist ?
Description:CE	What was the effect of the Yalta Conference ?
Definition:EN	What do the figures represent on the Easter Island ?
Description:ME	How does a submarine operate ?
Description:ME	How is Paraguay for vacations ?
Description:ME	How do I get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name Kilvington ?
Definition:EN	Define Sinn Fein .
Description:RE	What is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
Definition:EN	What is probability theory ?
Description:ME	How can I look up someone 's E-mail address on the Internet ?
Description:ME	How do you tell somebody you like them ?
Description:DE	What is the origin of thank you notes ?
Description:RE	Why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?
Description:DE	What features of the African elephant are larger than those of the Indian elephant ?
Definition:EN	What is the poetic meter of blank verse ?
Description:DE	What is the history of the soft drink Mr. Pibb ?
Definition:EN	What is platinum ?
Description:DE	Describe the Long March .
Description:RE	Why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ?
Definition:EN	What does the double-O indicate in 007 ?
Definition:EN	What is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?
Definition:EN	What are chloroplasts ?
Description:ME	How do I legally make my own will and testament ?
Description:ME	How do you make the color purple ?
Description:ME	How can I search for a word within my own webpage ?
Description:RE	Why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?
Description:DE	What are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in California ?
Definition:EN	What is the meaning of caliente , in English , ?
